Sarah: How are you?
Panel Investor: Hey, I’m Sarah. Nice to meet you. How are you?
Ofo: Hi. Ofo.
Ofo: Awesome. My name is Ofo Ezeugwu, and I am CEO and cofounder of Whose Your Landlord. A few years ago I was a senior at Temple University, and served as the vice president of the student body. It was in that position that I saw a lot of complaints from students with the main one being mainly housing. So students were annoyed that they'd sign a lease and on the other side of the lease, if they were a female tenant, they were being harassed by their male landlords, there was infestation issues, there were septic tanks backing up and basements flooding, electrical fires that would happen over your break and you'd come back to seeing that house.]
Ofo: Right, welcome to Philly. And so the key for us was there had to be somewhere you could review your landlord before ever signing a lease so you'd know what you were getting yourself into. That being the nugget of an idea of what would become Whose Your Landlord.
Ofo: On the other side of our platform we've created a dashboard for landlords, property managers and developers to also see value as well in our platform. And the key thing for them is they want to understand what people are saying about them across the industry
Ofo: In the last four years we've grown tremendously. And at this point, we now have reviews in over 275 US cities, we have over 15,000 reviews between New York, Philly and DC alone, We've been named one of five apps to use when looking for housing in New York City by the New York Post, and we've been called the MVP of landlord review sites according to ApartmentTherapy.com. Um and we’re raising currently a million. With that, I'll take questions.
Panel Investor: And what’s the valuation this round?
Ofo: Ah 6 million cap.
Phil: Is that the pitch?
Panel Investor: So you go to a, a landlord to pitch this, right, and you're saying, okay, this is going to enable you to be more responsive to problems or concerns that are being raised by potential renters, right. Is that the pitch?
Ofo: So you, you're more aware as to, yeah, what's being said about your building online, how you, how you can address it. What we've seen often times too is a landlord will be based in Florida, for example, and have a management company in New York City. And really not be keen as to what's going on within their building. So when, when they are, are then made privy to that information, whether good or bad, they then also know how to best operate in terms of using that company going forward or not.
Panel Investor: And then how are you acquiring the landlords?
Ofo: That's been a lot through warm introductions. So right now in our pipeline for 20, 2020, we've got 350,000 units. The way we've gotten to that that number, is by getting personal introductions to the CEOs, the CMOs of these bigger development companies.
Phil: How are you getting those?
Ofo: Yeah. Because a lot of our ment... So three of our investors are CEOs of commercial real estate and residential real estate companies. and we've now partnered with some of the biggest clients in the real estate space, namely Berkadia, which is a Warren Buffet company, a Berkshire Hathaway and legal financial group partnership.
Michael: How do you make money?
Ofo: Yeah. Absolutely. So with the subscription SAAS software, we charge a dollar per unit per month for real estate developers, landlords and property managers to use our software. We're in version two of our beta. We're now in a paid pilot mode. Um, that's why we partnered with Berkadia, because they're actually rolling out our software to several of their clients.
Michael: Where’s the money here?
Panel Investor: Okay. So I guess sell us on why this is going to be a big cash flowing business. Like where’s the, where’s the meat? Where’s the money here?
Ofo: Certainly. So we charge a dollar per unit per month for real estate developers, landlords and property managers to use our software. Currently in the US there’s just under 50 million residential units out there
Ofo: So … Well, it’s, it’s not in the sense that, first of all, the, the money will go up. So we’re not just going to be charging $1 forever in perpetuity. This is just what we’re charging right now.
Phil: What’s your current recurring, monthly recurring revenue?
Panel Investor: But is that where the money is?Something hits me with that’s not where the money is.
Ofo: Yeah, right now we’re right around $1000 in terms of our software itself. So that...
Panel Investor: $1000 MR?
Ofo: Yes. From the software.
Panel Investor: Right. And then you have content income as well? Or sponsorship income?
Ofo: Correct. And we’ve generated about $200,000 in the content incoming the last two years.
Ofo: Well, no, we just, well so the thing is for the software, we just started the software, right. So, we partnered with Berkadia three months ago and the reason being was we finishing out the software to roll out top of 2020 to many clients. Their client pipeline as well as our own.
Ofo: Redburn, yeah, CEO of Redburn Development, Jeff Buell, so he mentioned to me... he was telling me, he was like, wait, you founded Whose Your Landlord? I was like, yeah. He's like, your site helped me make $42 million in the last two years.
Ofo: I said, how is that possible? He goes, there was a distressed property in Binghamton, New York. It wasn't performing well. Um, he's like my company acquired it, we rebranded, renamed, and in over two years performed very well, got really good reviews on your platform, and saw the value increase by $42 million.
Panel Investor: But don't you find that terrible? Because I mean, how did you make off of that 42 million?
Ofo: But that's before we even had the software built out for any of this. This is just reviews.
Michael: Why this one dollar?
Phil: Why not give it away for.
Ofo: Mm, well, I don't, I don't think we're not doing that. I think it's a matter of timing, right. We build up the community, built up the data on our end first. And, you know, and just learned a lot about the industry and also made a name for ourselves.
Sarah: What do you do about like, I mean, you're going after the good guys here, right.
Panel Investor: What do you do about like, I mean, you're going after the good guys here, right. But what of the slum landlords that, the ones who like you really need, as a tenant, you really need good reviews and good information about. Like how does that work?
Ofo: Yeah. So, that's very important that you ask that because we've seen all kind of horror stories, as you can imagine.
Ofo: Um, one of the funny things that happened this summer was um the head of branding at Twitter, Meg Dudley, reached out to us. I thought we’d finally earned our blue check. We were making it. And then she was like, actually I live in Brooklyn, and me and my husband are going through a horrible situation with our landlord and property management company and I need assistance. Right. And in situations like that, what we usually do is we’ll connect them with our legal partners. Here in New York we work with BFK legal group, um, as well as there’s a myriad, like, Met Council and…
Michael: Do you get paid for that?
Ofo: With those kind of partnerships? Um, if it was to, I think, manifest into working with them in some capacity...
Michael: Why? Have you really thought this through?
Panel Investor: But why? Why? If you’ve just sent someone a potential client, they should pay you for that lead. It’s, it’s like, I guess I’m a little frustrated because I like what you’re doing but it’s like there’s all these places for you to make money that you’re not. It’s almost like you’re doing this as a, almost volunteerism. And it’s like, I, I, that’s great, but I don’t want to do that. I want to make a lot of money. So how do I make a lot of money out of this. Have you really thought this through?
Ofo: Absolutely. You know, from that, from that point of view, I think one of the things that we, we knew we had to do focusing on in terms of growth, was focusing on the data and the community, community building first. Um, and goal for next year is to roll out an app, an app that both, you know, the residents as well as a landlord or property managers can use. Timing is a...
Michael: Tell me about data scientists. Tell me about prediction machines. Tell me about building something. What, what’s the thing?
Panel Investor: But tell me more, it’s more than an app. Tell me about data scientists. Tell me about prediction machines. Tell me about building something. What, what’s the thing?
Ofo: The the...
Jillian: What’s the endgame here?
Ofo: The endgame, I mean, so, our partnership with Berkadia is huge because organizations like them, we’re meeting with Fannie Mae’s soon too, kind of very similarly, those kind of companies, they see a lot of value in what we’re doing and could potentially, potentially exit to them.
Jillian: Can you expand a bit more if possible on your partnership with Berkadia.
Ofo: Sure.
Jillian: What exactly, okay.
Ofo: Absolutely. So we meet with Berkadia every week Um, the focus of our, of our partnership with them is simply to build our software and technological stack
Ofo: They're helping us do that now. Um so they have a team of over 800 developers, like software developers. They're working with us now on building that out. Versus us making it as a team and then just rolling out and hoping it sticks.
Charles: What is Yelp?
Ofo: Per unit.
Panel Investor: I want you to become a TripAdvisor, you know, of apartment rentals, right? In the early days they had to get this mass community. And now they're in the business of helping you actually book the hotel. In the beginning, they weren't. Right? They started somewhere, just reviews, right? That's all TripAdvisor was. And then it got enormous. And then… eventually what I think in your, your site becomes is a place to book or actually in leasing, I want to live there, and it goes right to the building manager.
Ofo: You're talking out of two sides right now, right. Because one part is bring them on for free, and one part is charge em a lot of money...
Ofo: Sure but...
Ofo: So one of the key things Berkadia said to us when we agreed on the partnership at the start of the meeting, was there was two key value adds they saw for them, right. We've been building a strong community of renters with our own data. And another thing is that now their clients can see how they rank amongst other buildings and living communities in their region. So for them, it was very important we keep both sides of the business. I don't think you guys are inaccurate in saying one could be its own thing and the other could be its own thing. But I think the way we have real power in the real estate industry and become that big player you're talking about is by keeping both.
Charles: Which doesn't mean that I'm right and you're wrong.
Michael: Where's the beef?
Panel Investor: Ah, I'm gonna pass. But here's the thing. I would really like to invest in your company. I just need you to come back and tell me how you're gonna have big fat chunky revenue come in, and I'm not sure you know exactly how to do that yet. I think when you figure this out it's going to be extremely powerful. You're onto a very interesting thing here, but you're gonna have to make the jump to how do I get, extract, what Charles said, which is how do I extract the value out of people... And, and I, I'm kind of pained in this pitch because I'm like, but, you know, where's the... I know Jillian wants me to say it. Where's the beef? Is that it's sitting there. I want to track you. I think you're a wonderful young man. I, I love what you're doing. But I want you to show me where the real revenue is.
Ofo: Thank you.
Ofo: Okay. Awesome.
Ofo: That'd be awesome. I'd appreciate that. Thank you.
Ofo: Thank you guys. It was a pleasure, all right. Nice to meet you all.
