Therese: My name is Therese Canares and I'm from Baltimore, Maryland. I've been a pediatric emergency physician for 10 years at Johns Hopkins. There's truly nothing like it. But that type of work, as powerful as it is, doesn't scale.
Therese: Most of my physician colleagues think I'm crazy. I don't see it as leaving the medicine behind. I see myself as taking it with me to do something that is truly magical, life-changing, world-changing, healthcare-changing. This, I think, is what I'm here to do.
Therese: This part's a delicate balance.
Therese: Alright, so great to meet you all. My name is Dr. Therese Canares. I'm the CEO and founder of Curie DX and a pediatric emergency physician at Johns Hopkins. What I see in my patients every day is fear. Fear from not knowing why is my child sick. It's that fear that drives families to rush to the emergency room on a Friday night and wait three hours for what ends up being a cold virus. Now I want to keep families at home and relieve that fear, but here's the problem. For things like sore throat, you cannot do a strep throat test at home or on a video visit with your doctor. So my team and I created CurieDx. We're a mobile app that predicts diseases like strep throat using a smartphone image and AI. We're starting with strep. We have five other conditions in our pipeline. Think pink eye, urinary tract infections, kidney disease. We are building lab tests on your phone. We're using computer vision to build a B2B SAAS healthcare company. We launched last month. We have two pilot customers who are national primary and urgent care practices. And to reach patients faster, we're launching direct to consumer this month. Just in the last three weeks, we've partnered with eight physician practices covering 40 states to pair telehealth with our app. We've submitted two patent applications and received over 1.5 million in non dilutive and investment capital. We're now raising 4 million, which helps us reach our first 10,000 patients and get the strep product through FDA, from a screening tool to a diagnostic. Help us serve 2.1 billion patients globally who have to travel for swabs and blood tests and urine tests. We are building a world where you can answer the question, why am I sick, in seconds.
Therese: Take a picture.
Therese: How'd it go?
Therese: Yes. It's hard.
Investor question: Do you require any sort of hardware, not smart hardware, but anything else, or it's pure camera?
Therese: So this is just purely image-based disease screening and diagnostics.
Therese: Just with what you have in your pocket.
Investor question: How do you even get like a clear picture in someone's mouth?
Panel Investor: So actually let's talk tactically about this. Like take strep throat. How do you even get like a clear picture in someone's mouth?
Therese: So that was the first thing that we solved for. In our app, we do some live image based guidance. So we have AI models that are continuously running and saying it's out of focus, move your camera. It forces the flash on so lighting is controlled for. It's constantly scanning to see if a good view of the tonsils are in focus, and if it's not, it'll keep scanning and prompting you and giving you guidance.
Therese: Yeah, yeah. I had a physician assistant say, that's the best view of the throat I've ever seen.
Panel Investor: Really? Okay.
Panel Investor: I guess, like at a higher level, how does the business model work?
Therese: So we are starting as a B2B SAAS. So subscription model where, small to medium practice, either whether it's primary care or urgent care, $10,000 a year. That would get about 500 uses.
Investor question: And, how much of this do you take care of?
Panel Investor: And, how much of this do you take care of? In other words, you help guide the parent in taking the photo. Do you also do the diagnosis of, yes, this is strep or do you send that to the providers?
Therese: A little bit of both, but more the latter. The physician is able to look at the AI analysis, the symptoms, the image, and come to their own decision. Right now, we're starting as a screening test, and that's partly for regulatory purposes. We're not coming out of the gate saying definitively yes or no. So we're doing more risk prediction. The intention is to go through clinical trials, which we're planning for in Q4 of 25, go through FDA, and get approved as a diagnostic.
Panel Investor: So you have to go through FDA, meaning that you're considered a medical device?
Therese: Yeah, software as a medical device is a new ish category that the FDA is defining and looking at.
Therese: We're looking at a de novo pathway.
Therese: The opposite. De novo means there's no existing device that is so similar to yours that you can say, Oh, we're just like that one. Which I think also creates a competitive moat because there are no other products quite like what we're doing right now. De novos tend to be more money, take a little longer, but then also historically have better outcomes and better multiples for their investors.
Panel Investor: And then the reason that you're going through the FDA approval is?
Therese: Oh, good question.
Therese: Yes.
Therese: Yes. No, that's, that's a great question, . So we're able to launch now, as a risk prediction or screening tool because we're not making a decision and we're not giving a definitive yes, no. And in doing so, we're able to launch faster and start generating revenue now. The intention to go through FDA is that gives us an extra layer of credibility because our intention is to, as we get out of these small and medium sized practices, to start moving into larger enterprise customers and bigger contracts, so like health systems and payers, and to get to that level, we are going to need to be an FDA reviewed and approved device.
Therese: Yes, it's, yeah, that's going to be the standard that they're looking at to, to integrate a tool like ours.
Investor question: So do you have a sense, like, quantitatively how you compare to like a like an actual culture swab?
Therese: So, the rapid swab that you traditionally do at the doctor's office, the one that comes back in 15 minutes, that's about 95 percent accurate. So it's good, but it's not perfect. And uh, the, you know, physicians are 64 percent. So we are around 88 percent right now accuracy, and we were just at like 77 percent a few months ago. So with our trajectory, we're expecting to reach low 90s accuracy in the next few months.
Investor question: Can you talk about the raise?
Panel Investor: Can you talk about the raise? So four million, it's a lot of money. I understand part of it goes to FDA, but can you map out where that money is going to and kinda what the metrics you hope to get to?
Therese: Sure. So the four million, about 50 percent of that is tech and R&D. About 25 percent, percent to sales and marketing and 10 percent to FDA, clinical trials and FDA and the remainder is GNA. Our goal is to reach 10,000 patient users by the end of 2026. So we're, we're looking at about a two year runway with this. So the sales and marketing component is partly the direct to consumer. as well as continuing to expand the B2B customer base. The 10,000 users that - that as a milestone was chosen in part because we have advisors at Amazon One Medical and also Care First Blue Cross Blue Shield and feedback that they've given us is when we get into the 10,000 user range, that's when they start paying attention and looking at strategic partnerships.
Investor question: And how's the fundraise going?
Panel Investor: Good. And how's the fundraise going?
Therese: We have a million soft circled, so good.
Investor question: Are you looking for a lead investor? Or how are you putting the round together?
Therese: We would welcome a lead.
Investor question: What was sort of that breakdown and what that looked like?
Panel Investor: Tell us a little bit about your prior raise, because it sounds like you said you've raised a fair bit with both non dilutive and dilutive funds. What was sort of that breakdown and what that looked like?
Therese: We've had a great success and a great track record with non dilutive. So, we've gotten over a million in both grants and federal contracts. Strep was the low hanging fruit, but the intention is to grow this into multiple diseases. So one of our contracts is to build out the respiratory prediction. On the non dilutive front, we're targeting at least two million in the next year And the remainder of the raise, we've had a couple of investors. So, one was Tedco, the other is, an SPV of friends, family, and angels.
Therese: Correct.
Investor question: And what were the terms on that?
Therese: So it was on a note, or sorry, a safe, 6 million cap, 20 percent discount.
Investor question: So how do you sort of think about that business versus post FDA approval? Does it fundamentally change? Does it get - the economics get better? Do the size - does the size get bigger?
Therese: So early on, these are, you know, annual contracts with the small and medium businesses. What I anticipate is as we get the first product through FDA, - and what, what we're working on in parallel, of course, is developing some of the other products, and I'll mention too, we also have proof of concept on a model that predicts urinary tract infections from a picture of a cup of urine.
Therese: Yeah, it's, it's a little bit atypical. And we have just on the proof of concept model, we have 88 percent accuracy on that. I'll just say that you cannot unsee what I have seen.
Therese: From data collection. But getting back to your question of like, what do things look like post FDA? So in, in parallel of, of building the strep product, we're also working on a couple of other conditions. You know, the, the respiratory R&D is underway. The UTI R&D is underway. So, what I'm anticipating is once we start going after health system customers. We expect to be a multi disease platform at that point. And so I'm expecting our contract size to be significantly greater, and our revenue streams are going to be more significantly coming from those large enterprise customers.
Investor question: Would they also come from the payers, though?
Therese: Oh, yeah, we're, we're looking at payers too.
Therese: Yeah, we've had a few conversations with them. But they all kind of say the same thing. Which is, I want to see the data of how it's working in real patients.
Investor question: Can I ask you a very direct question?
Investor question: Can I ask you a very direct question?
Panel Investor: Can I ask you a very direct question?
You most certainly can, right after the break.
Therese: I love direct.
Investor question: Why is it that you are trying to go the D2C route? Like, when you only have two B2B pilots? Like is that not working as well as you expected? Is it slow? Like what?
Therese: Um, we're finding that even with a small to medium practices, it can sometimes take closer to six months, and back and forth and legal. Whereas with direct to consumer, like we, we have a little more control over pushing that out and generating revenue. So it's partly speed, and also data. As you probably know, with AI, the data that trains your models is gold. And so by creating this direct to consumer avenue, then patients are coming to us, and that data, we can still use that for our training models.
Therese: I recognize that, yeah.
Therese: That's more or less what we're doing. So we had started off with the intention to be a B2B company. But what I found in the last like six to nine months is that the sales cycles are slower than I thought they would be. And my ability as a salesperson, it's, you know, there's definitely refinement that needs to happen there and efficiencies. And so it's a little bit more of a, let's focus on D2C.
Therese: Yeah. That's true. And so my intention is to focus on DTC for the next six months or so and just get some DTC data and users.
Investor question: And so what level of data do you anticipate trying to get in the next, call it six months?
Therese: Um, it's, it's hard to say because I don't know what will happen with this direct to consumer launch. There's a lot of hypotheses.
Investor question: You can always milk it, right?
Panel Investor: You can always milk it, right? Like, it may not be profitable, but you can always buy ads up the wazoo and get your patients in the door. So if the priority is we're going to go and get, whatever, 10,000 people, you can do it. Right? Who knows how much money it costs, but you can, you can do it. So I guess my question is like, how do you think about, I'm just trying to understand the roadmap. and I think I'm still kind of scratching my head around where you get to with six million dollars. Because it sounds like - it sounds like you're still going to be at a very beginning stage with six million dollars in how you describe it. Like this - and maybe I'm missing something.
Therese: Yeah, let me clarify and hopefully this gives some clarity. So we are targeting a 4 million raise. Should we get the grants that we're targeting, that would be wonderful, because then that's extra capital that we can leverage and then we're able to build other product lines faster. So, that's how we would use the four plus two. The four is for building direct to consumer early, transitioning to B2B. And with those combined, reaching 10,000 patients by the end of 26. As well as clinical trials and FDA.
Investor question: Where does the 10,000 patients get you revenue wise? Is there, like, a number tied to that?
Therese: Yes, it's around 6 million total.
Therese: Oh, sorry. Yes. Yes. Six million total by the end of 26.
Therese: So, let's see. We are, um - a portion of that is going to be from, uh, the direct to consumer components. We're working on pricing on that because I don't know yet, you know, like, we're gonna be experimenting a bit with, like, I'll, I'll know in a few weeks, uh, I'll be able to give you some more data on that.
Investor question: But do you think it's like $500 a test?
Therese: Correct.
Therese: Right.
Therese: Yes. Well, that's - it's a combination of that and we would expect at least 30 to 40 B2B customers, like annual subscribing customers at that point.
Investor question: So you would be working on that in parallel?
Therese: Mm-hmm. Yeah. The intention is direct to consumer for the relatively short period. Around six months from now, so like Q3 of 25, we start pouring efforts back into the B2B component and slowly build up that urgent care and small to medium practice customer base.
Panel Investor: I mean, to ask the direct question, like, it sounds like there's a bit of hesitation on committing to B2B or committing to direct to consumer. They're, like, dramatically different long term decisions you'll need to make for either one. So I would say, like, is this something that you're still trying to figure out internally? Or do you feel like after the six months you're like, okay, now we're, like, done with direct to consumer. That was just to gather data and we want to go full B2B.
Therese: More the latter. What I know will end up being a better business long term is being a, a B2B business.
Panel Investor: So, like, of the 8,000 urgent cares, how many would you say are, like, in your top of funnel that you've reached out to or talked to so far? And then how many are in discussion stage?
Therese: I - so this is where, you know, we've had some transition in strategy with this direct to consumer component. In the last few months, I've started, you know, I'm probably in discussions with at least a dozen of them. But I haven't been pushing the close. In part because what I'm hearing from them too is, I want to see how this is working in real life, in real patients. Which is again part of the direct to consumer component, to be able to say, oh, here's an example of how it worked. Here's how it impacted this family. Here's what it did for antibiotic prescribing.
Therese: That sounds great, . And you know, on the topic of a smaller raise, we may have some flexibility in how much we're raising and, you know, in part because some of our raise could be offset by, by non dilutive
Panel Investor: Which is great.
Therese: That is true.
Investor question: And how do we make sure that people are using this and that there's some form of payment?
Therese: It will be available in a few weeks. So I will let you know when it is. Thank you. Thank you for that feedback.
Therese: Okay, great. Thank you. Thanks for that feedback.
Therese: Great. Thank you for that feedback. What I'm hearing is, not yet, hang on, let's keep in touch.
Therese: I can work with that. Thank you.
Therese: Yeah. Yeah. Absolutely. So, since Josh asked -
Therese: Yeah. Yeah. Absolutely. So, since Josh asked, yeah, if we were to do something on the order of two million, would that sound more, like, in range? And then what we would accomplish there is just, just sales. And we leave R&D stuff for federal grant funding.
Therese: I'm not at all -
