Jim: Good morning.
Jim: Hi, I'm Jim.
Panel Investor: Nice to meet you. I'm Erica.
This is a pitch. On my show. What is this?
Jim: Hi. I'm Jim Brown, founder and CEO of Uncovered, and we're bringing together the most passionate true crime enthusiasts to help solve real world cold cases.
Panel Investor: MISDIRECTION
JILLIAN???
Panel Investor: but no I’m not a murderer
All of a sudden, everything shuts off. The neon sign. The mini fridge. My Mac Mini. And when it reboots, there’s a message on the monitor…
Can a media company produce venture scale returns by…solving murders?
Guess we’ll find out. I’m Josh Muccio, and this is The Pitch, where real entrepreneurs solve real cold cases for real money.
Jim: Jim Brown. Pleasure.
Jim: Charles.
Jim: Hi. Jim Brown.
Jim: Hi. I'm Jim Brown, founder and CEO of Uncovered, and we're bringing together the most passionate true crime enthusiasts to help solve real world cold cases. Let me ask you a question - who's the person in your life that won't shut up about the latest true crime podcast, or Netflix documentary they've been binging? Did you know that if you're murdered in this country, there's only a 57% chance that your killer is found? And if you're an Indigenous woman, a person of color, or a member of the LGBTQ+ community, it's even worse. To date, we've built the world's largest public database - of cold case information and tools that enable the massive true crime community to turn their interest into advocacy. And it's working. I can tell you all about the 175,000 people we had on our site last month, the 26,000 email subscribers, or the 200 paying customers. But, last January, our community solved its first case, that of a North Texas man who had been missing for nine years. And later, in October, with new public information in a 62-year old cold case, we petitioned a judge in Ohio to have a body exhumed and a bullet was found. That's the power of doing business for good. and that's why I'm here today kicking off a 1.5 million dollar seed round. Here's what I'd like to ask you to do now. go to Uncovered.com/cases. This is the most used feature on our site. It's a map of all of the cold cases that we have in our database. 49,000 cases.
Panel Investor: Uncovered.com/cases?
Jim: Slash cases. Yep.
Jim: what we see everyone do, the user behavior is they immediately start zooming in on that map to their hometown or where they live, that kind of stuff. You can see the cases that are in your neighborhood.
Panel Investor: So this is like crowd solving for cold cases?
Jim: That's exactly what it is. So you know, this is not meant to be a political statement at all, but law enforcement doesn't have the resources they need to solve present day crime, let alone cold cases. And so the cases that we work on are a minimum of three years old, so that we don't get involved in an active investigation or interfere in it.
Elizabeth: How does the community end up being able to help?
Jim: So the first thing is like let's think about discovery of the case. What happens is you listen to one of these podcasts or you watch a documentary, and as soon as you've consumed that content, you then go to Google and you search for the victim's name because you want to learn more. So Uncovered is - like, the individual cases are
Jim: Are you interested in true crime? Is this a thing that -
Jim: Well, I ask that question because killers do stay very close to the crime.
Jim: They follow it. And so we do believe that the killers will come and become members of Uncovered and we'll track their IPs and we'll give that information to law enforcement to help solve these cases. But your original question, we do verify manually every piece of information.
Jim: We try.
Erica: Who's uploading these cold cases? Are you guys hooking up to something that the government provides?
Jillian: How do you get the data?
Panel Investor: Who's uploading these cold cases? Are you guys hooking up to something that the government provides? Or are these like individuals of family members and friends that want to upload?
Panel Investor: Yeah. How do you get the data?
Jim: It's a combination of all. So the first level of our database is all publicly available information. So we've gathered information from news sources, from podcasts, from databases, things like that, We also have podcasters, all of the content creators that are constantly putting new information into our database as well. We hear these stories on the nightly news, or on the podcast or in the documentaries, etc, but that's not all of the stories. Most of the stories aren't getting told. There's actually something known as missing white woman syndrome, where the media loves to cover attractive white women missing cases. Gabby Petito was an example of this last fall, right.
Jim: So that's a thing. So first level of the database is all publicly available information. Second level of the database starts to bring in law enforcement connection and family information. It's been very interesting the reception that I've got from law enforcement. There are those that are more on the conservative side that see this as their data, their investigation. They told us to go pound sand. We don't want your help. Then there's those on the more progressive side that have said, hey, this might be the future of policing. And the way we're doing things isn't really working either, so maybe we help get out ahead of this and work with your community and teach them how to do it so that we can still prosecute a case if it comes to the court system
Martin: What's your monetization strategy? How are you gonna make money on this?
Panel Investor: You'd mentioned you had quite a bit of traffic on your website, but only a couple hundred paid users. What's your monetization strategy? How are you gonna make money on this?
Jim: So how we're making money today, we've got three revenue streams. The first one is we have programmatic ads on our website. Our second one is paid sponsorship of our newsletter. And then we have our paid membership. So that's what we have currently. There is a law enforcement play for this, as we go into the future. There's 17,985 law enforcement agencies in America. So I'm like, hey, why don't you give us your data, we'll clean it, store it, and keep it updated, and then give you an API feed to go back. But then also give them almost like a CRM, if you will, to say, hey, public, we need your help on this case, or we have DNA in this case, or something along those lines.
Jim: Today, yes.
Jim: So the first does still start with the media company. That is the business model that provides the other things for us to go, right. The KPIs that we're looking at is absolutely growth of the traffic to the website. We expect that we're gonna be able to - in the next 18 months - get to over 10 million visitors a year to the site. And then growing that paid community. And I'm still gonna leverage - the newsletter. Because I think we can get that to well over 100,000 and continue to sell that for more, but the paid community itself, I think we can get somewhere in the neighborhood of 5000 paid members in the next 12 months on that.
Jillian: Can you speak a little bit about the technology. How are you building that tech stack, in order to be able to solve these mysteries?
Jim: It's a fantastic question. And when we were first getting started with this, the idea was, like, let's just gather all the data and so we can start to find things that humans wouldn't actually be able to see in that data stack. To date, we have not built anything for that, because we haven't found the use case for it. In order for me to invest the resources to build the tool to sell to them, there's gotta be a customer on the other end of that.
Jim: Front end, yes. Back end, no. Back end is exactly what I want to do. But we're not there yet.
