Ryan: That’s pretty much everyone.
Ryan: So obviously I'm Ryan, cofounder and CEO of Rooted. Uh. But before we just jump straight into this, I'd like us to do something together. Close your eyes for a bit. You'll hear some noises. Nimi, eyes closed!
Ryan: You'll hear some movement happening, but don't worry, you can trust me. I want you to kind of take a deep breath. Exhale. And I want you to visualize your week
Al: What is happening?
Ryan: And I want you to think about those things. How does that make you feel? Does that make you feel happy? Excited? Stressed? Anxious, maybe? And so one more breath. And exhale. And now I'd like you to open your eyes.
Ryan: Now, Al, how are you feeling?
Ryan: Charles?
Ryan: Sheel?
Ryan: Nimi?
Ryan: That feeling you're feeling right now is why we started Rooted. We want to bring that to the world. What we are is a direct-to-consumer lifestyle brand focused on connecting wholesale plant nurseries and garden centers directly to consumers. So that everyone can feel just as relaxed and happy as you guys do right now. Uh. So who here has ever killed a plant or knows someone who's killed a plant?
Ryan: That’s pretty much everyone. 87% of our customers have very little to no confidence that they can keep a plant alive. You have better odds in Vegas by putting money on black. Truly.
Ryan: Owning a plant is less about decor and it's much more about, What kind of lifestyle do you have? It's more about, Do you travel a lot? As an investor, are you rarely home? Then you probably can't have this plan that requires watering twice a week. You probably need something more hearty like that snake plant that can go two to three weeks without watering. All these questions, we can help build the best customer experience around.
Panel Investor: $70,000 total?
Ryan: $75,000 in revenue a month.
Ryan: Yes. Uh. And 85% of that is offline right now. In terms of retail sales. So we have a store in Williamsburg, And then we do a lot of business services types of arrangements with companies like Facebook and Buzzfeed and Chobani and Nike uh where we do plant installations, rentals and so forth. And we've seen a lot of growth in our online business. And that's the growth strategy of our business and that's what we want to invest in.
Ryan: So this is how a customer will be able to unbox their plant.
Charles: What?
Ryan: This is actually both the shipper but also acts as a...
Ryan: So it’s completely biodegradable. It’s just cardboard.
Ryan: And actually the bushier and bigger the plant gets, the more fun that process gets. Because you start having wide foliage like this that just sprawls out of it.
Charles: How are you doing your online sales now? Do you have like a Shopify store or something?
Ryan: Yep. Yeah, we have a Shopify store. Um. And yeah, we have incredible momentum right now. Our total sales have gone up 80% quarter over quarter this year.
Sheel: Have you tried to size the opportunity at all?
Panel Investor: Have you tried to size the opportunity at all? Just wondering how you would.
Ryan: Yes. So the lawn and garden industry today in America is $50 billion. And so what we want to do again is connect people and our customers directly to nature, and that’s not just with indoor house plants. We want to give them that green thumb of saying, Hey, if you’re a millennial that isn’t in New York and the Bay Area and LA, you are investing in outdoor space. You have a house. We get texts from our friends all the time being like, Hey, take a picture of the side of my house, like, what do I put here? What can I grow? Uh. We can give them the tools to do that. And they are investing, there are millennials investing in their space. You have 130 million households in the US. Last year, 30% of those were millennials and they bought plants. Right. Like everyone knows that this energy is here, and there’s no trusted brand grabbing it by the horns and innovating in this, you know decades-old industry.
Nimi: How do you think about identifying the nurseries that you want to work with?
Ryan: So, one, how we identify the partners is their attention to detail and their quality control. These are wholesale businesses that have aligned their entire decades-long business models around antiquated sales channels like putting things on pen and paper, and still asking you to fax in an order. So what we’re doing is we’re increasing their entire sales cycle to 24/7, 365. So it makes them more than just a springtime business.
Al: Do you know what their saturation point would be?
Panel Investor: So I'm a little bit worried about the supply chain. The idea that a nursery. The nurseries that I've been to, you throw 100 orders a day at them all of a sudden, and like there's no way they can get that out. They’re just. They function like a mom and pop nursery, and mom and pop are there running the nursery. Do you know what their saturation point would be? Can they handle 100 orders a day? Can they handle?
Ryan: Assuming two items per order, we believe they could do around 300 plants a day, for sure.
Panel Investor: Each, each wholesale nursery has that capacity right now?
Ryan: Yeah, if not more. These are huge. They have acres of greenhouse space. You go in there and it's just as far as the eye can see, plants being grown, being watered, being cared for.
Ryan: Yeah, exactly. And so they log into the Shopify app, that is Rooted fulfilment, and they get a picklist of all the orders that have happened in the last 24 hours. And they go and pick them, bring them to the fulfilment station, and we will be able to tell them, hey, this is the packaging that you need to use. And so they grab that packaging, they open that box, they slip the plant in. And then all you have to do is hit schedule my USPS or UPS.
Panel Investor: No, I mean for a fulfilment side, it makes sense. But that's still, like if you have one person doing, one person's going to be able to ship what 75 orders a day, if they stood all day and shipped?
Ryan: One person can probably ship one of these in, it would probably take 2 minutes.
Ryan: Or employees.
Panel Investor: Well, yeah, I mean the idea that you're going to all of a sudden spin up 4 new employees in every wholesale nursery, how are you not worried about that? Like, if you don't own that network to do, I mean, you're just hoping these guys can figure it out.
Ryan: Yeah, no, it's a very valid question. And uh even with that we could help find new hires, uh new contractors or part-time workers. And scale them up as our needs increase. That's not, to me at least, doesn't seem like the biggest problem that we're going to come across.
Al: What is the biggest problem you see?
Ryan: I think customer retention. Solving for that long term and bringing that up to 60 to 70% and not the 15 to 20% that we have right now.
Al: Do you shut down the retail location? Is that the plan?
Panel Investor: So you mentioned a couple of things that you're doing right now where you've got corporate plants as a service. And then you've got, you've got a retail location, you've got the online ecommerce. You're saying that the direction you want to go is all ecommerce. Do you shut down the retail location? Is that the plan?
Ryan: Uh no, sorry. So the growth driver is the ecommerce portion. Like when we think about what Rooted will be in five years, it's definitely 70% to 80% of the sales Offline is still incredibly important. Right. There is an emotional connection to this. You guys experienced that right now. You want to see it, you want to touch it, you want to smell it. And so retail is actually huge for us.
Panel Investor: Will you expand beyond the one physical location that you have in Brooklyn?
Ryan: Yes. We’re planning to, we want to raise $2 million, and with some of those funds we want to open up operations in the Bay Area and in Los Angeles.
Ryan: Yes. But there's a lot of interesting things we could do around a subscription opportunity. We can sync with local weather APIs. Right, we can say, Hey, there's a heat wave coming through this weekend, so unless you want some butter with those soon to be toasted plants, you better bring ‘em inside. Another thing is we can leverage the aperture and the location from your phone and we can actually tell you what kind of light you have. So if you ever think about, Hey, I would like a plant in my living room, you could open your phone, you can find my plant, and it will actually filter a product list to the plants that you can own.
Ryan: We really want to invest in video content, specifically. So I don't know if you guys have watched Tasty and NowThis and some of those quick, quick-hit videos that are 30 seconds to a minute long. And they teach you how to repot a plant, how to not kill a succulent. And we think that that will drive a lot of interest and viewership. And if we can help you get closer to the I-won't-kill-this-plant, then that in itself is a win and you're going to stick with us.
Al: What is, so you acquire me as a customer. How much are you expecting to spend?
Panel Investor: What is, so you acquire me as a customer. How much are you expecting to spend? And then how long until you're making money on me?
Ryan: Yeah, that's a good question. The first one I cannot accurately answer because we haven't spent any digital acquisition dollars really meaningfully. I know right now our cost of acquisition on Instagram is $45 after a couple thousand dollars of spend.
Ryan: But we do have to, all jokes aside, we do have to get very smart and efficient about utilizing those channels because they're only going to increase. And we think that an average LTV probably looks at around three years. And so uh we've calculated that would be around $150.
Al: What am I?
Panel Investor: So the average order size is one plant? Two plants? What am I?
Ryan: Right now it's about two items per order.
Ryan: Because they don't track their inventory right now.
Ryan: Yes.
