Tiffany: Hi. Tiffany.
Tiffany: All right. My name is Tiffany. I’m one of the three founders of Metapyxl, along with my husband John and my sister Jennifer.
Tiffany: Yeah.
Tiffany: John and I have actually been working together for 20 years as commercial photographers. Everything we shoot goes online. And uh what we realized is the internet really is the world’s largest copy machine. And the work is then subject to theft and misappropriation, leading to loss of revenue and authorship. In fact, 2.5 billion images are stolen daily on a global level. And I am literally freezing up here.
Panel Investor: So what do you do and how do you do it?
Tiffany: No, no, I’m getting there, I’m getting there. Do you mind? I’m sorry.
Tiffany: Okay. Um. They’re being stolen on a global level. And I have fear of public speaking.
Sheel: Why don’t we just chat.
Tiffany: No, no, no it’s fine, I’ve got this. I’ve got this.
Tiffany: Thank you. Um. Um, oh, okay. I'm ready.
Tiffany: Thank you.
Tiffany: In fact, 2.5 billion images are stolen daily on a global level and of course this is what we experience firsthand. That's how Metapyxl was born. And it was born out of a need to track, protect and promote digital media. And we do so by applying a proactive, survivable meta mark, as we're calling it, into media. And you can think of the meta mark as like an invisible fingerprint protecting it with permanent metadata. And it survives everything from screenshots, cropping and compression.
Tiffany: I also have a little demo here.
Tiffany: You click on the image, it has all the creator’s information. And it shows you who the licensor is. It’s registered on the blockchain. That way you always know where it is, who’s owning it. And uh, it keeps track of your attribution.
Panel Investor: And um what if I just take a screenshot of it. So how, how would that work? If I, what if I just took a screenshot of that and put it on my website?
Tiffany: Yeah. So that’s the beautiful thing about our core technology, is that it actually embeds into any media. And so it becomes part of the work.
David: Could you just keep going on that. How does it actually do that?
Tiffany: So um, if you were to sprinkle glitter let’s say on an image, it’s in every single part of that image.
Tiffany: No. So if you took a screenshot of this and then try...
Tiffany: So if you took a screenshot and then you tried to pass it off as your own and put it back online, because it already has that mark in there, that unique fingerprint, it would recognize whose image it is. It helps to track that image, always know where it is online, know who the creator is Always…
Tiffany: Yeah. So. Um, through the technology. It is always attributed to that image.
David: Is there a proactive notification?
Panel Investor: Let me see if this is the question. So we get that your technology tracks it. Is there a proactive notification?
Tiffany: Yes.
Panel Investor: Or would someone have to say, Where is this image being used?
Tiffany: No, it, it lets you know. It tells you. There's proactive notification at all times.
Tiffany: It’s through an invisible fingerprint, basically.
Panel Investor: Where are you in terms of your development?
Tiffany: Okay. So we are currently developing the MVP.
Panel Investor: And when you say that, you mean like there, there isn’t any form of a product built today?
Tiffany: Correct. Yes. Other than the fact that it’s been proven, the technology is ready to go. We’ve spoken to everyone to be able to build this out. And ultimately, once we get our funding, it’ll be about four months until it’s finished.
Elizabeth: How do you make money in this model?
Tiffany: Well, we are looking at it as a SaaS and licensing structure.
Panel Investor: So if I were a photographer, I would pay some monthly subscription to use this?
Tiffany: Correct. Just like anybody that's now using Dropbox or that sort of thing. It comes part of your daily routine.
Elizabeth: How much are they gonna pay?
Panel Investor: So what would they pay?
Panel Investor: How much are they gonna pay? Yeah.
Tiffany: Well, we haven't set up that yet because we're still trying to figure out how much it's going to cost to ultimately finalize this product.
Panel Investor: So right now, are you guys actively selling ah this product?
Tiffany: Not currently. Right now we’re just developing it. But we’re getting everybody, you know, we’re obviously trying to get people on board so that it, when it’s ready, we’ll have the beta customers, which, the EU, they have an urgent need for this type, type of technology. Their digital single market legislation was just passed.
Panel Investor: Oh, so, is, is that what it is? Cos like, when I first heard this, and I was actually pretty intrigued, it seemed like it was every brand, company, photographer, who just can like sign up for their $20 a month and get like their Life Lock for their own images.
Tiffany: Exactly.
Tiffany: Sorry. It’s a big, it’s a big offer. Right. Of course. But you know, we’ve spoken to a ton of different photographers who would be completely on board. We’ve spoken to celebrities and I’m not going to name who but, ah, We’ve already got, also on our advisory panel, another photographer, Jill Greenberg, and she is going to be a beta customer as well.
Tiffany: I agree. And thankfully, you know, I'm not the only one in this company trying to figure that out.
Tiffany: Of course.
Tiffany: Absolutely.
Tiffany: Absolutely 100%. But I, but we do see that locking this in for the enterprise platforms, it's a huge problem right now.
Tiffany: Okay.
Tiffany: Sure. Um, I would pick myself.
Tiffany: Yeah. Of course. And I didn’t mean to suggest that we weren’t understanding that. I’m just, you know, obviously kind of caught between knowing that these platforms are imminently looking to solve this problem. But also knowing that people like me are gonna really find value in this. So yeah, we would start with people like me.
Panel Investor: So, I’m gonna be really direct with you. I’ve actually seen a lot of businesses try and go after this same opportunity and I fully believe that there’s a big, big problem here. I think, from observing these other companies that do have developed products, I think, at the end of the day, the biggest struggle actually has been on the customer acquisition side. Getting people to pay for this. That’s what I would actually test first. You have a community of photographers who are in your network, can you pre-sell some of this?
Tiffany: Absolutely.
Tiffany: Yeah, of course. I mean, I mean, we're not being silly thinking that we're gonna just go right out of the gate here and it's going to be perfect.
Tiffany: Thank you.
Sheel: Can you talk about your team.
Tiffany: Yeah. Our two developers, Chet and Mike, they work in cyber forensics and cyber technology. Our other team members, we have a CEO at the moment, um, working with us to, um, get this product done.
Sheel: Who's the CEO?
Tiffany: Um. Bob Michaelson. He's, ah, brought four companies to exit. And M&A. He worked with Sterling Partners. Um. $5 billion. So we just signed him on recently.
Tiffany: Yeah.
Tiffany: My sister's out in San Francisco, and she handles the sales and marketing side of the company. Um, John and I are wearing many hats. John's a designer, and an artist, so he's helping with all of the branding and the look. And I was a producer, in a past life, so I help kind of bring everything together, on a daily basis.
Tiffany: How so? Can I ask?
Panel Investor: Here's what I would recommend that you do with your team. I would actually recommend that you guys just like step up and own some things. Like for example, it sounds like your husband is a designer, like maybe he owns the technology piece, right? Like not every technologist is, you know, in the weeds coding or whatever. But like can, is he managing the two developers? I don't know.
Tiffany: Yep.
Tiffany: Well, okay. And just to put this out there our developer once we get some funding, he’s going to come on as our full-time CTO. Um. I don’t know if that changes your perspective here a little bit, but...
Tiffany: How so? He hasn’t committed?
Tiffany: Well, I, we consider him to be one of the top four people in the company.
Tiffany: Correct.
Tiffany: Okay. Thank you.
Tiffany: I’m so disappointed.
Tiffany: Right.
Tiffany: I hear you. Thank you.
Tiffany: Yes.
Elizabeth: Why don’t you just start selling to them?
Panel Investor: Um, can your sister start selling this. I mean, I think you guys have a lot of strong relationships with photographers. You want to go after that base, from what I’m hearing here. Why don’t you just start selling to them? Especially since you already have that relationship. They trust you, they know you. So that way that you can just focus on the things that need to happen to make this run right now, even though the product is not available. Things like that.
Tiffany: Yeah, of course, our first customer is the photographer. And I, if I didn’t represent that properly then I definitely want to make sure that I at least, you know, solidly say...
Panel Investor: I think we’re saying, like, represent that 100 times more. Not just like twice, like 100x. Be like, we know photographers. We have signed letters of intent with 1000 individual photographers. We have spent all this time at meet-ups and we have built out this solution with them in mind because we know how they work. Right? Like, it’s like...
Tiffany: Okay.
Tiffany: Thank you guys. Yeah. Absolutely. I really appreciate it. Thank you all.
Tiffany: Thanks.
