Investor question: I probably should know this, but what team did you play on?
Jason: I played four years for the Lions and then a couple more with the Dolphins after that.
Jason: That’s awesome.
Jason: Awesome. Well, I’m Jason Fox. I’m the founder of EarBuds. And the idea for EarBuds came actually in my last career. I played in the NFL for six years. Just recently retired a couple years ago. And it was during that time, I always had this same idea over and over again. And really the first time I thought of it we were opening with Carolina, I was warming up right next to Cam Newton, he was on the field.
Jason: He was about five feet away from me. He’s jamming, he’s getting the crowd into it. He’s just getting into the rhythm right before a game. And I said, man, there’s 85,000 people here. There’s millions more watching this game at home. Cam is an individual that has tens of millions of social media followers. Like, how many people would love to be in his headphones right now?
Jason: It was the number one question asked at the last two Super Bowl media days. It’s the number one question asked around the Olympics. What are you listening to? Well, Earbuds has solved that. So we’ve partnered with Spotify and Apple Music, and so instead of just listening to music, we allow you to broadcast it, where other people can tune in live and listen along with you in complete synchronized real time.
Jason: You wanna see it? Cool.
Jason: Yep. This is the app. So these are all people live-listening to your music right now.
Investor question: Who’s listening to Drake?
Jason: If you hit listen along, you start, you start completely synchronized with them.
Jason: We got NBA, NFL, X Games. We got so many people interested in using our tech.
Investor question: But why EarBuds?
Panel Investor: But why EarBuds? As soon as I saw you, I’m like, wow, what kind of new earbuds are you?
Jason: We’re ear buddies.
Investor question: Is this another revenue stream for, like, a boxer walking into the ring, what is he listening to? You know how they write things on their body?
Panel Investor: Is this another revenue stream for, like, a boxer walking into the ring, what is he listening to? You know how they write things on their body? They’ll sell anything to sell. Would they sell the ability to broadcast the music?
Jason: Influencers are always very forward thinking now and knowing that what that relationship they have with their following and being able to engage with their fans in a whole new way through music. We’ve had labels, music promoters, artists want to launch new content through influencers. And they can brokerage their own deals around that. Imagine being the first song on Tom Brady’s playlist right before the Superbowl. Or the Phelps example. Or being on Kylie Jenner’s playlist.
Investor question: And so how do you make money?
Jason: One, is sponsored content. We’ve had so many brands reach out, want to be served as labels, wanting to push music -- venues, arenas. And then the next way is partnerships, revenue shares, licensing opportunities. The sports teams, the leagues, the other live streaming services. The next one is the data play behind this. There’s so much data around music. For example if The Rock was listening, you know, we could analyze his following, his listeners. And we can show you these are the types of genres that your followers, where they live, their demographics. We can help people retarget those people.
Investor question: So can you tell us where you are now? Are you measuring active users? Where you at?
Panel Investor: So can you tell us where you are now? Are you measuring active users? Where you at? Give us some numbers.
Jason: Yeah. So we say we’ve soft launched. We put it on the app store because we wanted to test and iterate and see where we’re at. And we’ve learned a ton. And we’re gearing up for a launch.
Investor question: And how many monthly active users do you have now?
Jason: It varies. But plus or minus 5,000.
Investor question: Can you tell us about the competitors?
Jason: You know, there’s, there’s Vertigo tried to do it. It flopped out. It’s changed founders several times. There’s another one called Eavesdrop. Eavesdrop’s kind of floundered.
Investor question: Why? Why have these dropped out and why have they floundered?
Jason: They’re most of them, I don’t think, I think we’re the only agnostic one. And, you know, I don’t think they have the same tech. And, you know, they outsourced the technology, which is just not a very good user experience. And then they’ve also struggled to onboard talent in a meaningful way.
Investor question: Do they have any good talent?
Jason: Not that I’m aware of, no.
Investor question: Why doesn’t Spotify shut you out and do this?
Panel Investor: Why doesn’t Spotify shut you out and do this? I mean, this sounds so obvious. Why is Spotify missing this?
Jason: They don’t do it because of really two reasons. The biggest reason is it’s a crowded experience. They’re cutting out features left and right because there’s just too much. They’ve gone so much into podcasts and moods and everything else. There’s just too much content on one screen. And the other big reason behind it is the agnosticity of it. The winner of the social space will be agnostic. Whether you get your music from your coworker, your girlfriend or even your favorite athlete or celebrity, they might not have the same music service as you. They might have Apple Music, you have Spotify. And so they’ve noticed that it’s hard to do social right.
Jason: I would disagree with you. There’s a couple different ways I could go here. One I’ll say is Shazam, right. Shazam sold, I know Rich Riley the former CEO, I’ve got connected to him through EarBuds, and he said the reason why he was a winner is because, he said, I’m Switzerland. It doesn’t matter. Anybody can use this. He goes, the winner of the social space will be the same way.
Investor question: Tell us about your relationships with any professional sport associations or teams?
Panel Investor: The winner of this space will have a moat, and the moat is really simple: who got the stars on and using it.
That’s when we come back.
[BREAK]
Welcome back.
What’s unique about EarBuds is that the product Jason is really selling isn’t the app it’s the celebrities he
gets
on the app. Without lots of influencers to follow, who cares? Nobody’s going to use it.
Here’s Michael.
Panel Investor: Tell us about your relationships with any professional sport associations or teams? Like the winner of this space will have a moat, and the moat is really simple: who got the stars on and using it. What’s your star acquisition strategy?
Jason: Well, it’s to show them.
Jason: How they can monetize it themselves, right.
Jason: Yeah. I mean I used to live with Rob, Rob Gronkowski when we trained for the draft. Like, I have a relationship.
Investor question: What is your acquisition strategy to make this really big?
Panel Investor: Okay, but, okay, but, how are you, walk us through the strategy. Because, I think it’s great. But take away from football for one second, let’s go basketball. Anywhere else. Or swimming. Or. What is your acquisition strategy to make this really big?
Jason: It, it’s really the relationships. I know, I know that may not be the answer you want to hear, but we have those relationships. I was just with Baron Davis the last two days and he said he could get every NBA player.
Jason: Well, the number one thing is, is they can engage with their fans. And then if they can do that by making money along the way, that’s the bonus.
Jason: And that’s why actually the host of the X Games reached out to us.
Jason: Because he said, Jason, I’ve, when me and all my snowboard buddies get to the top of the mountain, we all press play at the same time.
Jason: He goes, we’ve been asked and we’ve been, so many brands, and TV sponsors and everybody else, want to make music a part of the experience and now we can do that because now we can tell all of our riders to listen.
Jason: I really think this will be driven by influencers in the early stages. Like, our whole mindset is to get on the top tier people. And like and we have some big name investors. Baker Mayfield invested in our last round. Patrick Mahomes is coming in this round.
Jason: We did a small friends and family round in the early days when we were just building a beta product. We raised $630,000 from friends and family. And then last year we raised $1.5.
Panel Investor: At valuations?
Jason: The first one was at $3 million pre-money. And then the last one was at $8 million.
Panel Investor: Pre?
Jason: Pre money.
Investor question: And currently what are you doing?
Jason: We’re raising $3 million on a convertible note.
Investor question: What’s the cap?
Jason: The cap is at $14.
Investor question: So how much have you raised of the $3 million?
Jason: We’re a little north of halfway.
Investor question: Would you revisit that?
Jason: I was going to ask you what you thought a valuation would be fair.
Jason: Eight.
Jason: I’m, I’m interested. Um.
