Royi: My name's Royi Metser and I live in Miami, Florida. Who am I? A husband, recently I'm an entrepreneur. I'm a runner.
Royi: My parents were immigrants to the US And my dad, I I watched him grow and build companies for the first 20 years of my life. Just watching him, I didn't even know why, but it was something that I was attracted to and something that I knew that one day I would do I was waking up in the morning and all I could think about was this and so I had to. I didn't have a choice.
Royi: Good to meet you.
Royi: Royi.
Royi: Good to meet you.
Royi: I'm Royi. Good to meet you, Kate.
Royi: Ben. I'm Royi. Good to meet you.
Royi: Thanks for having me. Excited to be here.
Royi: So my name's Royi, and I'm the founder and CEO of Avelo. Now, I want to take you back to 2021. It's a year into COVID, and for the first time in my life, I was overweight and unhealthy. I got kicked in the ass by the result of a blood test. I discovered that I had sky high cholesterol, and a biological age that was 10 years older than my real age. Three days later, I was signed up for my first marathon. And that's the day that I became obsessed with running. Fast forward six months and I crossed the finish line and it turns out running is great for you. My markers improved and my health was back on track. Now I'm a pretty competitive person, so I was hungry to get better at running, but I felt lost and I kept getting injured and it turns out I wasn't alone. Studies show that up to 79 percent of runners are injured every single year. Now, at the time, I was leading business development for health technology company Inside Tracker, where our software analyzed hundreds of biomarkers across blood, DNA, and wearables to help our users live longer, healthier lives. And so naturally I was fascinated by what else I could measure about my body to improve my running. But the existing products, pods that you attach to your shoelaces or smart insoles, they felt clunky and cumbersome. And that's when a light bulb went off. What if we package this technology in a cool and frictionless product, creating a new category of wearables that runners would actually be excited to use? I got completely obsessed with this vision and decided to quit my job and pour everything into building the world's first smart running shoe. Got a couple of them here. Our smart running shoes measure impact and running form, and they connect to an app that coaches each runner to reduce their risk of injury, improve their performance and achieve their running goals. It's a coach on your feet. And we already have a prototype that's getting great reviews from 10 runners who've logged over a thousand miles in them. Now, I want you each to think about your phones, your watches, rings, homes, and cars. They've all become smart to make our lives better. So why are shoes still dumb? We're raising three million dollars to go from prototype to production, launch our product and sell our first 5000 pairs, and our vision is to create and lead the smart footwear category, and I hope that you'll join us.
Panel Investor: Can we see the shoes?
Royi: Of course.
Ben: Tell us, like, where in the shoe the technology lies.
Royi: So, you see the orange sock liner that's in there?
Royi: If you pull that out, you'll see there's a small cavity under the arch. Inside of there you'll actually see there's a sensor in there. So it sits right under the arch of the foot, which research has shown that's the best location for it.
Elizabeth: Is there a reason you decided to make a whole shoe as opposed to an insert?
Panel Investor: Okay. Is there a reason you decided to make a whole shoe as opposed to an insert?
Royi: Yeah. We think that great wearable technology is frictionless. One of the beautiful things about running is how simple it is. Really, all you need to run is a pair of shoes. And the second you start adding gadgets and accessories, like pods you put on your laces and smart insoles, you're adding complexity. You know, you have to set them up, you have to charge them, you have to move them between shoes, and all of that adds friction. If you think about how many runners use a smartwatch to get heart rate tracking, almost every runner does that. Almost nobody's using a chest strap, even though it might be a little more accurate. And that's because the chest strap is clunky and the watch is simple. And we were already wearing a watch before they became smart. With this product, all you have to do is lace up your shoes and go running just like you did before. There is a second reason, and I actually think it's pretty important, and it's that shoes are cool. It's the number one piece of equipment for every runner. It's what we talk about with our friends. It's what we spend the most money on. It's obviously a highly visible product. And so we think we can build a really exciting and aspirational brand around the first of its kind smart running shoe in a way that you just can't around an insole that's hidden inside of your shoes, or a gadget that's attached to your laces. So we think that's really important. Now, there's no question, this is the harder road, but we've got the team to do it. Our footwear team has between them over a hundred years of experience making footwear and not for small brands. I'm talking about for Nike and Under Armour and Columbia, right? And second of all, I feel we've really derisked it because we have a prototype and runners are telling us that they love it. So I think the hard road is where the billion-dollar opportunity is.
Charles: How do you think about breaking through with a new brand?
Royi: I think it's definitely true for a lot of runners. There's no question about that. I actually think it's changing though. I really do. Because in the last 15 years, there's not one, but two companies that have entered the running market and had not just modest success, but breakout success. Those two companies are On Running and Hoka. Both were founded around 2009. They started small, but they had a unique story and a unique value proposition. And last year, both of them sold $2 billion in revenue. So there's a recent proof that runners are open to trying new brands. And those companies have stolen market share from giants like Nike and been successful doing it. So there’s no doubt, Charles, that some runners are not going to be willing to try our shoe and that's okay. We don't have to capture the entire market on day one. We need enough people to try it. And we think we can get enough to get a really strong beachhead and build from there.
Royi: They've built a lifestyle brand really. I mean they started in running. They had a very specific focus, which was ultra runners and trail runners and they did a great job of really zigging when the industry was zagging. So at the time when they were founded, shoes were going minimalist, less cushion. And they came out with this, honestly, it kind of looked like a clown shoe at the time and it was striking in, in a good way because it was different. But you know, they've done a great job of expanding beyond running and building a shoe that people are wearing every day.
Royi: Yeah.
Elizabeth: Do you believe that? Do you not believe that?
Royi: Yeah, I mean, listen, what I believe is less relevant to what the science shows. And the market moved in that direction in 2009 after Born to Run was published, and everyone thought that, hey, you run barefoot, you run in minimalist shoes, and just as many people got hurt in those shoes as they did before. And so the thing about running related injury and the rate of injury, it hasn't changed for 50 years. It hasn't improved. It doesn't matter what shoes we're running in. And so ultimately what we've learned, the shoe can have a small impact, the materials of the shoe and the way that it cushions the impact, but ultimately the biggest determinant of running related injury is training too much.
Kate: Can you say more about the shoe's ability or what the features are that makes the shoe be able to tell me, Kate, when I should slow down.
Panel Investor: Can you say more about the shoe's ability or what the features are that makes the shoe be able to tell me, Kate, when I should slow down. If Kate and Charles are going on runs together, which will never happen because I hate running, but let's just imagine that Charles and I are running together and, like, I'm close to getting an injury but Charles isn't, which is probably likely. So how does the shoe know that Kate should stop and Charles should keep going?
Royi: There's a few things that we're measuring, a few buckets of insight. So the first bucket is what we call resiliency. And it starts by measuring impact. Every running step applies force on your body of up to five times your body weight. And that's going to damage your tissues, your muscles, tendons, ligaments, and bones. And ultimately, that's the root cause of running related injuries, that mechanical stress. And until now, there was not a good way for runners to measure that on every step. You'd have to go into a lab, and run on a very expensive piece of equipment, and that was the only option. And so we're making that measurement available on every single running step on every run, and we're using that and then feeding that into what we call our resiliency score, which is like a - if you're familiar with Whoop, they have a recovery score, or Oura, the ring, has a readiness score, right? So it's like that. It's a very simple measure out of 100 and it tells you: are you training at a safe level? And a lower score indicates that you're approaching or maybe even exceeding your body's capacity for training. And so that's going to allow runners to make smarter training decisions, but also allow us to provide really personalized recommendations to the individual on exactly how hard and how far they should run every day and every week to keep them in that safe zone.
Panel Investor: Based on the force of my foot hitting the pavement?
Royi: Exactly.
Royi: Yeah, so the majority of similar products are gadgets.
Royi: Pods that you attach to your shoelaces or smart insoles.
Royi: Those products, the technology is good, but they're, the form factor is not right for the consumer market. A lot of them are selling to the professional market, so practitioners, physical therapists, athletic trainers, sports teams, researchers. But again, for the consumer market, they really haven't taken off. And then, to make a smart running shoe, I mean, honestly, what we're doing is really hard.
Ben: Tell us about that. How much have you invested?
Panel Investor: Tell us about that. How much have you invested? Both money, time, resources.
Royi: It's really challenging, and I think that's why there's an opportunity to do it. And so you need, first of all, a team with skills and expertise and experience in three areas. I mean, each of these pieces could be its own business, right? You can make a shoe company, a hardware company, and a software company, and we're doing all three at the same time. So we've raised about $1.4 million so far.
Panel Investor: From who and what were those terms?
Royi: Mostly angels. We raised $516,000 in 2023, and then last year, we kicked off a pre seed and we raised $890,000 at a $12 million post money cap.
Royi: I haven't taken a dime out of the business yet. I actually invested my own capital into the business and my co-founder has not been paid a salary yet. So we've gone a long way with a pretty small amount of capital given what we're building. And it's life or death for us. So, and I think people, the people who have invested in us early, they've been most impressed, honestly, by the team that we've put together.
Elizabeth: How do you know this team? Did you all work together before?
Panel Investor: Mm hmm. How do you know this team? Did you all work together before?
Royi: No. When I started the company, I started reaching out to people who had built stuff in this area or, you know, for advice, advisory. And I got in touch with someone who actually built a pod, company that built a pod that was acquired and he became an advisor to me. And I got introduced to my co-founder, uh, through this advisor and I met with Peter, that's my co founder's name and at the time I thought he would want to be an advisor. The guy's been making shoes for 40 years. I mean, he's a legend in the footwear industry. And he told me that wasn't very interesting to him, that he wanted to get more involved. And that surprised me a little bit, but of course I was excited. And he told me, listen, man, this is unfinished business for me. Because I tried this at Nike 20 years ago. And we couldn't make it happen there. I just ran into too many roadblocks, but I believe that smart footwear is inevitable. It's going to happen, and I believe it's a startup that has to make it happen. And then from there, built -
Elizabeth: What were the roadblocks?
Panel Investor: What were the roadblocks? And that's very impressive that you were able to get, you know, marquee people.
Royi: Thank you. Thank you. Yeah, I mean, honestly, the roadblocks is what we know about big companies. It's just that they, they really have a difficult time building stuff that's not in their core business. I mean, we've seen it time and time again. And so the footwear brands, they're just not going to build technology. They don't want to extend their business into technology. You're talking about hardware and software, and it's just not in their DNA. So we think it's a startup with a completely fresh perspective, that's organizing their team completely around making this happen. Because you have to make the footwear great, but you also have to make great technology. And both of those things have to work seamlessly together. So that's the player that's going to make it happen.
Kate: How many runners are there in the US and how many of them are running enough that injury is an issue?
Panel Investor: I have a question around kind of market segment and size. The Hoka example is interesting. Like, yes, they started out as a running brand, but they became a lifestyle brand, right? A lot of the shoe market is in the lifestyle brand kind of part of the shoe market. And my curiosity is like, if the value proposition of the shoe is really about injury prevention, does it have crossover potential? Can it go from something that is truly for runners to being a lifestyle brand where most of the shoe market is?
Hmm. Good question, Kate. We’ll be right back.
Panel Investor: My curiosity is like, if the value proposition of the shoe is really about injury prevention, does it have crossover potential? Can it go from something that is truly for runners to being a lifestyle brand where most of the shoe market is? And secondarily, is it really for all runners? How many runners are there in the US and how many of them are running enough that injury is an issue? Like when I ran, I ran for 30 minutes and hated every minute of it. I'm not your market. um But let's be more clear: Kate doesn't like to run. Okay. We, we know that. So I'm trying to understand, do you think there's lifestyle brand potential here or not? And within the running segment, how much is really for yours to take, is this relevant for?
Royi: Yeah. So first of all, yes, I do think there's an opportunity to build a lifestyle brand. I think that's way into the future. I think there's plenty of people who would be excited about this to help them improve their performance and reduce their risk of injury. So I think we want to stay really focused and we think we can build from there. Now, in terms of the size of the market. So there's about 600 million people around the world who participate in the sport of running. There's about 150 million people globally who run at least once a week. There's about 60 million people in the US who participate in the sport. In 2022, there were 24 million people who completed a race. The London Marathon received 850 or so thousand applications for this year's race, and the previous record was 500,000. So it's a market that's absolutely exploding in popularity. And we think the target for this initially is going to be what we call the front runner. It's a competitive recreation runner. That doesn't mean that they want to beat the person next to them, although they might, but really, they want to beat themselves. They want to get better, and they have a running goal. And they're already wearing a wearable. They're probably signing up for races. So we think that's going to be the initial target, and there's millions of those people in the US alone.
Panel Investor: How do you think about the business model?
Royi: Great question. So, we're going to figure out pricing. The shoe - we haven't figured out exactly what we're gonna price it at retail. It'll probably be around $250. Hopefully, we can get it a little bit below that. That's in the upper third of what running shoes cost, so we're in the zone. And then we're going to experiment with a few different options. On one end of the spectrum, we could go completely subscription. The way that you purchase running shoes is recurring, right? So every few months, if you're a regular runner, you're buying a new pair, so it's a consumable more than a wearable, right? So that's exciting for us. But we have to figure out the right way to price it and monetize it because we could charge just up front.
Royi: We could go the other way and go completely subscription. That's what Whoop has done. Or we could find a hybrid approach, which is what like the Oura Ring has done, where you pay a few hundred bucks for the ring, and then you pay six dollars a month. And they've done very well doing that. So we have to test those to figure out the right way to to monetize it. But we're confident that we'll find the approach that works for us as a business, and that our customers are willing to accept.
Panel Investor: Yeah. What's kind of interesting actually about some of those inserts or whatever you want to call them is I actually think it's much more about the business model than the user experience. So as someone who has also trained for a marathon, but did not make it because I got injured, I have thought about those inserts before but somehow I'm just so averse to these subscription models. It's like for injury prevention, for anything preventative actually, you know, people have pause around, should I pay on a monthly basis to prevent something from happening?
Royi: Of course.
Royi: Absolutely.
Panel Investor: So, I think there's something to that because, you know, to your point, runners go through shoes all the time. Uh What are your COGS on that?
Royi: We'll start around 60 percent gross margin. And obviously we're doing small volumes. That also depends on how we monetize the app, how much we can charge for the app and how many people are willing to pay for it over time. I see an opportunity to build a gross margin up above 70 percent over time as we get to greater volume. The greatest cost savings is gonna come on the hardware itself. When you buy those components at scale, you get pretty significant cost savings on them.
Ben: How do you look at that?
Panel Investor: And then acquisition cost. How do you look at that?
Royi: Yeah, we're going to be very smart on that. I think there's a lot of cautionary tales over the last five, 10 years, especially in the consumer market. So I think, you know, go to market strategy. We think about it as a content led and community driven. Content led means we're going to create educational and aspirational content that positions our brand Avelo as the subject matter expert around the areas I've already described to you, running related injury, running efficiency, and running form. And there's a gap in this market. There's no trusted voice, trusted source for runners to go to to get this information. And we'll distribute that content on our own media properties, and then through partnerships with influencers and ambassadors. And so that's kind of the inbound marketing strategy that we're, um, planning. And community driven is - the running community is amazing and you, you have to be on the ground with them. You have to be. So we're going to go deep in a few markets, probably no more than three. Partner with the running clubs, the local running ambassadors, do good activations around the events in that city. So yeah, that's the approach.
Royi: That's great. Is there a valuation you think would make sense for you or?
Royi: Yeah.
Royi: Yeah. So we raised 890,000 in the pre-seed. We allocated a million, so we've got a little over a hundred thousand dollars left in that SAFE. And I'd be open to raising on that SAFE if there was interest.
Panel Investor: And you said that was at 12?
Royi: 12 post money cap. Yeah.
Royi: Sure.
Royi: Thank you.
Royi: Thank you. Yeah, I appreciate it. I think it's everything you're saying is fair. I think, we're going to be pretty strategically valuable to these big companies. I, I know how they operate. I think they're good at a lot of things. I, I just, I can't imagine them doing something so outside of their core business and doing it well. But, I hear what you're saying. It's not going to be easy, but I think that's what makes it exciting.
Royi: I appreciate that. Thank you.
Ben: What you've done so far is really impressive.
Royi: Appreciate that.
Royi: Thank you. That's the plan. I appreciate all your time. Thank you. Thank you so much. So much.
Elizabeth: What is the user experience when a person leaves his or her employer?
