Laura: we quit our nice lives and we moved out here to a garage at Palo Alto.
Investor question: So you're replacing recruiters?
Laura: most of you haven't applied to a job since you were in college, like me.
Investor question: I mean any good person doesn't apply for a job, right?
Laura: Hi. I'm Laura from Teamable, and we've built the best way to hire the right teammates via data driven referrals.
Laura: The average person has between 500 and 1500 connections across Facebook, LinkedIn, the oldest social network which is their email. The thing is, they don't know necessarily who those people are and they're not thinking about them in terms of positions at their companies.
Laura: So we did what any normal person would do, we quit our nice lives and we moved out here to a garage at Palo Alto. And so we're raising $1 million to accelerate our growth.
Investor question: Is this your first company?
Laura: Yes. Yeah. But I was an investment banker, you know, so I was in a lot of these meetings with other people's companies.
Laura: Well, I'll just use an example of a company we're launching in a few days, is Medallia, which is pre-IPO.
Laura: And it's very, very effective.
Investor question: So you're replacing recruiters?
Laura: Yes, we are replacing agencies. We were just talking to Warby Parker in New York yesterday - their engineers are getting between 20 and 100 messages a day. They're ignoring them. But when it comes from their friend that they used to work at Google with they respond.
Panel Investor: So the employee is empowered to reach out to their friends once there's a match?
Laura: Yeah.
Laura: Yeah. That's the biggest hold point.
Laura: Hey, we all know referrals make great hires, we all don't have time to go through our networks every time a new position opens. Can you take 30 seconds and upload your contacts into Teamable. By the way, you're just giving the names, no one can see your Facebook wall, no one can see your LinkedIn. It's like a spreadsheet type thing.
Laura: I'm sure most of you haven't applied to a job since you were in college, like me.
Investor question: Any good person doesn't apply for a job, right?
Laura: LinkedIn.
Laura: Yeah, so a couple things we do that's differentiated is we tap into social graphs. Like GitHub and Facebook, which LinkedIn, for example, can't do. So we've spent a lot of time in stealth building that capability. It's not easy. The other way that we're different is a lot of companies have tried to automate the matches, But the problem is if you automate the matches, one bad match and people start hating the software. Right? Whereas if you let the recruiters drive it and pick out the matches, then the matches are 100% correct.
Investor question: How's it going over all, for you?
Panel Investor: How's it going over all, for you? As a first-time entrepreneur?
Laura: I mean, I went through the darkness last year where it was like hell.
Investor question: You were in the trough of sorrow?
Laura: And people were like no one is going to pay you to use their own contacts. That kind of stuff. And I really didn't know... Everything I did I didn't know what I was doing. But Silicon Valley has been really great and so things have been -- it's good now.
Laura: We've been growing at 47% month over month. We're at 42 MRR now.
Laura: We closed last quarter with two sales, we will have closed $225k in new bookings. We're good.
Laura: From the beginning? So we're at 42,000 monthly recurring revenue.
Laura: Okay. We charge on a subscription basis. And we charge per employee per month.
Investor question: How much do you charge?
Laura: Yeah, we charge sometimes as much as $20 per employee per month.
Investor question: What's the average, though?
Laura: I actually don't know the average. But it's very close to that $20. We've done some bigger deals now that are like a thousand people, and that will go down to like $8 per employee per month.
Panel Investor: But that's sort of weird, because per employee... Shouldn't it be based on how many people they're hiring?
Laura: No, it's per employee per month, because every employee comes with a value, which is the candidates in their network and their ability to influence their network. And then also like, we can't account for their close rates.
Investor question: You could scale up to hundreds of thousands of employees?
Laura: Yeah. We can do anyone.
Laura: Customers pay us up front.
Investor question: They pay you all up front?
Laura: A lot of times. Because they're budget conscious, so we use that as part of the negotiation. Okay, great, you pay us up front, you can do $15 per employee per month.
Investor question: What's your burn?
Panel Investor: I think you're disciplined. I think that's actually the best way to grow. What's your burn?
In this instance, Jillian is asking about gross burn. In other words, she just wants to know how much money Teamable is spending each month.
Laura: What's our burn? It's, $20k.
Investor question: How many people?
Laura: We have 27.
Laura: I made a contrarian bet on Armenia. I'm ethnically Armenian. So I went there and they have a lot of those top engineers like those other Eastern European countries, but no one is tapping into it. And so we're the best game in Armenia. We have great engineers.
Investor question: What do you pay them?
Laura: I'm not saying on the... They're the cheapest for the region, so-. And I'm blaming my co-founders on this. They're Armenian, so they set the prices.
Laura: It does. That's how I made it through the darkness. If we're talking about like, honestly, if it weren't for creating an opportunity for Armenia through those periods where things didn't work and where no one wanted to buy it and all that stuff. I would have just given up. But it was really for that, that kept me through. And it's created immense pride and hope and things like that over there.
Panel Investor: Absolutely.
By keeping employee costs low, Laura is doing something companies at this stage don’t often do: turn a profit. But what is all that profit worth, really? In other words, what’s the price tag on Laura’s company?
Laura: Now we won't take anything less than a $15 million cap.
Investor question: How much are you raising?
Laura: We would take another 150.
Investor question: So you're taking a 150 at a 15?
Laura: Yeah.
Investor question: What's your MRR going to be by the end of this year, do you think?
Laura: By the end of this year, we'll get to that 100k.
Laura: It's a cap, right. So it's your chance to get in or just not.
Investor question: But why are you raising 150k?
Investor question: If you don't need it?
Laura: Uh, just because I'm on the show and I wanted to give you guys a chance to get in. Like, I really don't.
Laura: Yeah
Investor question: So why come on the show?
Laura: Because there's 40,000 listeners. All of which hiring is a pain point for.
Laura: So does anyone want to get in at the…
Laura: But 47% month over month growth.
Laura: And enterprise deals. Like, people would invest in that if you had just one six figure deal. Like how many companies have six figure enterprise deals? Not that many?
Laura: They also don't have the same cash flow profile that we have. Because think about the unit economics plus the cost of engineering is a fraction. So our total engineering costs is $15,000 including office a month. So with the cash that we will throw off...
Laura: No, that's part of also the growth, the cash flow.
Laura: Are they valued at less than 15 million?
