Debbie: When do I start?
Phil: How about now?
Debbie: Okay. Hi, I'm Debbie. I'm CEO of Copper Cow Coffee, where we reimagine Asian beverages for your home, office, and adventure So my mother is from Vietnam. She emigrated here in ’75 as a refugee. And even though I was born and raised in California, I actually ate Vietnamese food exclusively in my house. I actually remember being in college and bringing all my friends home to my mom's house for brunch and people being totally blown away by all of the flavors, especially Vietnamese coffee. And I thought that people would love Vietnamese coffee if it was just presented to them with really, really great ingredients and innovative packaging that fit their lifestyle
Debbie: But I think that retail success is just the beginning because I think the future of Copper Cow is actually really in selling online as well as into offices. Since launching online earlier this year, we've been growing 20% month over month, completely organically. And then we've also launched an office coffee program this summer, and we're already in over 40 offices. So I'm here today to raise $2 million so that we can have Copper Cow Coffee be a household name.
Phil: Tell us a little bit about the product.
Panel Investor: Great. Tell us a little bit about the product. You said you made it super convenient?
Debbie: Yeah.
Debbie: So actually, why don't I make you guys some coffee.
Debbie: If you guys are ready for it? Awesome.
Debbie: Thank you.
Debbie: So the way it comes is a portable pour over so it’s just in this handy little packet You open it up and it just fits over your cup. You tear off the top. And…
Phil: Are you the only one doing pour over for in home use?
Panel Investor: So is pour over, and again, forgive me, because I'm not a coffee drinker, is that unavailable otherwise? Are you the only one doing pour over for in home use?
Debbie: There's a couple other companies who are selling a similar format. This format actually comes… If anybody want to try it black first? Okay. Here you go.
Debbie: It's a little super strength right now.
Debbie: So Vietnamese coffee is kind of known for its strength. The varietal is very caffeinated. This is probably one and a half to two cups of coffee of caffeine.
Panel Investor: So if I’m someone who drinks half a pot of pure espresso in the morning, am I good?
Debbie: Yeah, this would be awesome for you. Yes
Phil: What is your background?
Debbie: So my background is, I went to Berkeley and MIT and I used to work at the World Bank in supply chain management and project finance. So the...
Panel Investor: This is your first rodeo in terms of starting a company? First time founder?
Debbie: Well, actually, I first started about five years ago with a cooking line for you to make Vietnamese food at home. So I did that on the side while I was still at the World Bank. And I got into lots of stores, got into several regions of Whole Foods, Dean and Deluca, a lot of really great stores. But when I would call them and be like, how do I get it to move more? They'd be like, well, it moves great for the category.
Debbie: And I began to learn that only 10% of Americans cook. You know, and I need to meet my consumer where they're at. And I'm not going to convince 90% of Americans to cook by an oil and vinegar line. But I, Vietnamese coffee was always top of mind as a product. Because I had so much, I thought, proof of concept of people really loving an elevated Vietnamese food concept.
Sheel: What percent of your customers are using it just for the coffee versus the Vietnamese coffee?
Panel Investor: And so, and you guys are Vietnamese, so there’s obviously the condensed milk part of it. What percent of your customers are using it just for the coffee versus the Vietnamese coffee? Like the condensed milk add on?
Debbie: Right. So about 60% of Americans drink their coffee with cream and sugar. And we find about 80% of our customers drink it with the condensed milk.
Charles: what's the price point per serving.
Debbie: So it really ranges. So in retail it's pretty high. It's about $2 a cup. And that includes, but that includes the creamer
Sheel: Can you take us through just the numbers quickly? What do you sell it to the retailer for generally speaking?
Panel Investor: Okay. So $2 retail. Can you take us through just the numbers quickly? Like what does it cost you? What do you sell it to the retailer for generally speaking?
Debbie: So we have been selling with a consistent 45% margin for wholesale. Because 80% of our business is still retail because of all the retailers that we're in. Historically it's been a higher margin for ecom, though we're going to kind of reconfigure ecom to be a subscription model where you get months supplies of coffee.
Sheel: Are they reordering? Are you at that point yet with Walmart?
Panel Investor: Makes sense. And what are hearing from the retailers? How do they feel about how sales are going for this category? Are they reordering? Are you at that point yet with Walmart?
Debbie: Yeah. Well, Walmart is selling really well. We're doing about two turns per store per SKU per week. So that's really strong for the price point. And it being a brand new product.
Panel Investor: In the coffee, not the tea?
Debbie: Both.
Panel Investor: Equally?
Debbie: The tea is selling a little bit higher in Walmart.
Debbie: Umm
Alexandra: do you have a sense within offices who is drinking your coffee repeatedly? Is it the junior account executives who are 28? Is it the C suite? Who is it?
Panel Investor: do you have a sense within offices who is drinking your coffee repeatedly? right? Is it the junior account executives who are 28? Is it the C suite? Who is it?
Debbie: So what we find is that people over the age of 35 are not very flexible about trying new coffee drinks. So it’s primarily millennials. Yes. Especially people, the highest conversion is definitely people who have experience with specialty coffee as well as we do have some really diehard umm like fans who know about Vietnamese coffee. But Vietnamese coffee is still a pretty unknown commodity. So...
Panel Investor: Yeah, I was going to say like a narrow... I’m not a coffee drinker, but this sounds like a narrow niche that you’re addressing. So how do you get people to try it for the first time if they’re not familiar with Vietnamese coffee?
Debbie: Well, one thing is definitely just beautiful branding umm I think it’s, even though Vietnamese coffee, if we say just Vietnamese coffee, I think that does sound a little niche. But the idea of it being like a specialty Asian beverage brand It’s definitely, umm I think, something that people want to try.
Charles: Do you have a sense in the offices, are people using this as a replacement for K Cup? How does it play out in the office environment?
Debbie: So for our smaller office clients, it's a K Cup replacement what some of our other office clients, like Lyft headquarters carries us, they buy about $3000 of Copper Cow a month, and they have 15 types of coffee, and we're just one of the many exotic coffees that they provide.
Panel Investor: And so what are you doing in terms of revenue so far?
Debbie: So last year we did 200,000, and this year we're looking to do 800,000.
Panel Investor: So Debbie, you're raising $2 million, you said, right?
Debbie: Yes.
Debbie: It's a 5.5 pre money valuation.
Panel Investor: And how much of the 2 million has been committed so far?
Debbie: Um, 1.725
Debbie: I know.
