Leigh: Hi everyone.
Leigh: Hi. I'm Leigh Isaacson, CEO and cofounder of Dig, the dog person's dating app. A few years ago, my sister was dating a guy who tried to be a dog person for her. By the end of the relationship, he didn't want the dog in his apartment, or he'd put towels down on the couch so the dog didn't touch anything. And she said to me, I wish I just knew from the start that this wasn't going to work because of my dog. Together, my sister and I launched Dig. Dig is the best way for dog lovers and dog owners to find a compatible match and plan a dog-friendly date. We're addressing pain points in both the booming $75 billion pet industry and the growing world of niche dating apps. Both industries are begging for more in-person dog-friendly experiences. In the past few months, we've seen 80,000 total downloads and 25,000 monthly active users looking for love on Dig. We're raising $1.5 million to scale and help people find someone they really dig.
Panel Investor: umm I have a super important question for you, which is do you have a dog? And if so, please tell me about the dog.
Leigh: Yes. Would you like to see the app and my dog on the app?
Leigh: And this is one of the best dogs! This is Penny.
Panel Investor: Is she like, what is she? She looks like she's a mix.
Leigh: German short-haired pointer.
Panel Investor: And by the way I see an engagement ring on your hand so I can ask, did you find a dog person?
Leigh: I did find a dog person. We got Penny together.
Leigh: Yes we did.
Leigh: The way to look through different profiles is actually clicking on these paws at the top.
Leigh: So we're not swiping. We're slowing you down a little bit. We show you five at a time.
Leigh: You can dig, really dig or pass on the profiles you see.
Panel Investor: How about a big dog versus a small dog? Now I've got the best chihuahua on the planet, but I wouldn't, if I was single, I wouldn't want to be dating someone with a great Dane.
Leigh: I'm so glad you brought that up.
Leigh: It's not about breedists or breedism, right. We wanted to make sure that it's all about compatibility for the owners and for the dogs. So you can search by dog size. And for the same reason you can search for someone without a dog. So my mom has two dogs that doesn't get along with other dogs. She needs to find someone who loves slobber and hair and running in the snow but doesn't have one.
Panel Investor: So whoa, you're saying that people who come on the site who don't have dogs who want to meet someone with a dog?
Leigh: Absolutely. Date someone with a dog is one of our best ads.
Panel Investor: Okay. Educate us on the business now. You got me at dog, because I really like dogs. But are people paying 20 dollars a month to use this already?
Leigh: Users are using the app for free. In the future, we absolutely can go paid.
Panel Investor: Okay. So how does this get big? How do we make money on this? Walk us through the journey of our money on this deal.
Leigh: So we're looking at two major industries, right. And I'm going to start on the dating app side. In the dating app world, the industry is getting bigger and bigger. In 2016 it was a $3 billion industry. By the end of next year is expected to be a $12 billion industry. And one of the ways to break through is to not just have your unique marketplace that you're going after, but unique business opportunities and revenue models. We are looking at this as an opportunity for the dog industry to get in front of some of the most dedicated and emotional dog lovers and dog owners out there on the app and at our dog friendly events we throw across the country.
Panel Investor: How many other niche companies are there that are doing the dog thing?
Leigh: The dog thing specifically, not many. There were a few that tried to do just dog photos that failed. We are the first-to-market that is really exploding and this great quality for dog people to connect.
Leigh: So we are absolutely the first-to-market, which is the main way that we're defensible against other dog people's dating apps. In terms of the big players, Bumble and Match already have the opportunity to search for dog lovers. We're not necessarily competing against them one to one, because your average dating app user uses three or four dating apps at a time for up to ten hours a week on average. Right. It feels like a part time job. So the niche dating app market is growing because you want to cut to the chase. You want to find someone who has something in common with you right away.
Panel Investor: So what does it cost for you to get an active user? Because they’re unpaid.
Leigh: Right now? Our blended cost of user acquisition is $1.40. Our lowest campaign is down to 50 cents cost per install. That's for women on Facebook, specifically. So we can't put all the money in there or we would just have a women facing app. Which is actually very unique in the dating world. We have about 70% women on our dating app. And men tend to follow where the women go. They just have to hear about us, right?
Leigh: Yes. If only we could get on some sort of podcast and tell everyone everywhere that there's women all over Dig right now, right!
Leigh: And so that's a big piece of what we're doing.
Leigh: Yes.
Panel Investor: But like when does that happen? How does that happen?
Leigh: So the network effect, according to our partners in the industry who we're really close to and talking with, we really start to hit that at 100,000 monthly active users. That's exactly what this first part of this raise is going to. So the $350,000 will help our team get paid for the first time, and focus on getting to that 100,000 monthly active user mark. At that point, we will be able to turn on those different revenue streams if we want to, which we absolutely can. And it's also a point where we're very attractive to strategics in the industry.
Panel Investor: What are the different revenue channels that you're talking about?
Leigh: An opportunity to charge users on a subscription tier. So dating apps today, according to industry data, you're seeing about 10% of users choosing to do one of the paid options, between the 2.99 and $34 a month. That's one possible revenue stream. The daily deal, where companies pay to be featured in that spot, is another one.
Panel Investor: The sponsors and the daily deals you're doing now?
Leigh: The daily deal we're not doing as much paid. We're trading a lot for marketing.
Panel Investor: What I’m trying to think about, going back to a question we just heard earlier is walk me backwards from a billion dollar business. Because I’m picturing right now in my head a really attractive 50 to 100 million dollar business from what you just described. I’m doing back of the napkin math.
Leigh: And that’s really what we’re focusing on. Because of the consolidation of the market right now. So these major companies, like for example Match owns 45 different dating apps. Spark Networks owns twelve. The way that this world is moving is that they’re gathering up all of these dating apps, especially niche right now. So for example, the billionaire founder of Badoo reached out to us just two weeks ago. They’re starting a $100 million initiative to find niche dating apps and bring them in to the fold.
Leigh: I might.
Panel Investor: You’re talking about the niche. The dog lover piece and how important that is, it sounds like. Like, are you going to stay at that niche? Or like, I’m asking because I’m an animal person through and through. Like my first job was a dog salesperson at age 16, so I know a weird amount about dog breeds. But I’m a cat person, if I had to pick. So like will there be a place for us cat people? Or is that too outside of your niche do you think?
Leigh: So both industries, both the pet industry and the dating industry, are interested in the other opportunities that we bring like that. We have people come to our events saying, I’m not single, but I want to meet other families with dogs, because it’s hard to go somewhere that’s both kid friendly and dog friendly.
Leigh: To answer your question, the dating app world is interested in more things than just dating already.
Leigh: So Badoo for example, they own Bumble, they own Chappy, and you have seen Bumble now expand into Bumble Biz and Bumble BFF. They don’t see it as their main revenue driver because you don’t have that urgency and that amount of time you’re spending on the app to find a friend to go to the dog park with. But it’s ways to reach them. Now in the pet industry, they’re very interested in reaching those other types of people as well. So both sides are looking to us as this opportunity to get in front of different types of people. We’re starting with dating.
Panel Investor: I get really excited by founders who have audacious visions. Because even if they don't meet that vision, if they get one third there or halfway there, it's often a great, great success for all. I heard you say, we're highly acquirable by the Badoo’s of the world. But I also heard you say, which got me a little bit more excited, you're thinking about verticalization. And you're thinking about other niche dating apps that you could own. So which is it? Do you want to be acquired in three years for $50 million bucks? Or do you want to verticalize for different passion areas -- people who like gaming for instance?
Leigh: So we built this app knowing that the verticalization was a possibility, being acquired or entering or partnering with the dog industry was a possibility. And being acquired or partnering with the dating app industry was a possibility. Where we are right now is building the foundation to be exciting for all of those. If we’re not acquired or we decide not to go that route and build out in different ways, we have all of these revenue streams that we’ll be able to turn on and go that direction.
Panel Investor: So how many markets are you in now?
Leigh: We have users in all 50 states, but we have done events in 14 cities, I believe.
Panel Investor: So you have a concentration of users, would you say, in those 14 cities?
Leigh: Yeah. Our biggest concentration is New York, LA, and Dallas.
Leigh: It’s huge. I mean, you have to decide what survey you want to look at. But you can look at Match’s and Badoo’s own surveys saying that men are much more likely to get liked if they have a photo of a dog in their photo. And there’s more than 70% of dog owners sleep with their dog in their bed now. So the dog is gone from.
Leigh: So the dog has gone from the doghouse to in your house to in your bed and now you want to take your dog with you wherever you go.
Leigh: Your chihuahua snores? What does it sound like?
Leigh: Absolutely.
Panel Investor: So how do you scale this to be a bigger business? Like, this still drinks money. I mean, you’re raising a small, small amount of money. How does this become. How many users do we need here to be really interesting? You said 100,000, we need it to quadruple.
Leigh: 100,000 monthly active users will get us to that point of the interest for the bigger, the Badoos of the world. That type of thing. Badoo, when they asked us this question, they said, how are you going to get us to the million downloads?
Leigh: That was their number. And so we were able to project out showing them our Google campaign, Apple search, our Facebook and Instagram campaigns and say we expect, to get there with the 1.5.
Panel Investor: Do you have any lead venture capitalist for your round right now?
Leigh: No. This is officially the start of the seed round. We have been pitching and we have about $350,000 soft circled. They all would love to know what happens today.
