David: We do virtual reality on planes as passenger in-flight entertainment.
Investor question: You guys are building your own proprietary headsets?
David: So we've built our own proprietary headsets.
Investor question: Do you have patents on this?
David: We don't have patents. We have...
Investor question: You know that, right?
David: It's a pleasure to meet you. I'm David, co-founder of Skylights. And we do virtual reality on planes as passenger in-flight entertainment. So I was an airline executive working for Air France for the past seven years. And then on top of that I was an airline pilot for eleven. And I loved that job. I'm passionate about it. But I left it because of how big this opportunity is of finally addressing the dread and boredom of long-haul flights from a passenger's point of view.
David: I know firsthand that airlines hate the embedded seat-back screens even more than passengers. They cost $20,000 each and they're so heavy that the airline industry spends $1 billion in extra fuel costs just to fly them around. Now, VR headsets enable passengers to escape and enjoy immersive 2D, 3D and cinematic virtual reality content on a cinema wide-angle screen. It's first class entertainment but available to everyone.
David: We're raising $1.8 million. The idea is to move from the 100 flights that we've done so far to 100 flights a day.
David: Very, very clearly, virtual reality is looking for its killer use case. It's found one in the gaming, and it's still looking for any other killer use case out there
Investor question: What kind of research have you done on, have you proven assumptions and suppositions based on do airline passengers actually want this?
Panel Investor: What kind of research have you done on, have you proven assumptions and suppositions based on do airline passengers actually want this? Like, is it too early? Do they understand VR?
Panel Investor: No, but I'm working backwards from this, are you building something that people want?
David: The general public killer use case that we found, which is entertainment on board, is extremely strong. We have one passenger out of two – when it's given out for free in business, we have about 50% uptake with four hours on average.
Investor question: How many do it just because they're interested?
Panel Investor: The question I have is how many people want it because they've never been in VR before, versus like long term?
David: Okay. Obviously, we don't have the depth of operations to be able to look at repeat customers. So the way that we can proxy that is simply by asking those passengers. And that's what we've done. The basic questions that we ask is, are you satisfied? Are you really satisfied? Do you prefer this to seatback screens? And we have about 75% of people who say yes, and the same amount who prefer that to seatback screens.
Investor question: How have the pilots gone?
Panel Investor: Tell me about the airlines that have done it so far. How have the pilots gone?
David: Very well. So we've done it with four airlines: Air France, KLM, Onur Air and XL Airways. The headsets were brought on board on trolleys. They were handed out to cabin crew. Essentially, free to business and first-class passengers. As a result, we had 235 minutes of average passenger engagement time. That's five minutes shy of four hours. And airlines loved it.
Investor question: You guys are building your own proprietary headsets?
David: So we've built our own proprietary headsets.
Investor question: Why?
David: We needed something that didn't need to be plugged, that had at least six hours of battery life, that was very light to be comfortable enough that you could wear it for two to three movies. So that's what we've built.
Panel Investor: So it's fully immersive?
David: Yep.
David: Yeah, of course. Of course.
David: You need to adjust it, for you. Because it's very important to have it properly adjusted. If it's too loose, it will hang on your nose.
Investor question: So what, there's an IP? Do you have patents on this?
David: We don't have patents. We have...
Investor question: You know that, right?
David: Well, let me put it this way. We're not a hardware company. The heart of the technology is not patentable. We basically commit to the airlines to use whatever hardware works. I am in the business of making sure that passengers love the virtual reality experience.
Investor question: So what was the content? You produce the content yourself?
David: No, we're not producing the content. We're licensing the content. And there's two types of content that we're using. On one side we're using traditional content, so 2D movies, 3D movies and TV series. And we have a worldwide distribution agreement with Twentieth Century Fox and DreamWorks for that. But we're also now experimenting with cinematic VR. So we're looking for content that has a strong center of attention in front of the passenger.
Investor question: What's your business?
Panel Investor: Down the road, you're going to license the hardware, you're going to license the content. What's your business?
David: Content management software. We secure the content licensing deals, we write the content management software, and we source and design the headsets. Make sure that all of this works together and setting up the operations with the airlines.
Investor question: So you're a VR content management software platform?
David: Yes.
Investor question: Are you really?
David: It takes five activities. This is how I would think of it. To do what we need to do, we need five different things that are aligned. One, is you need to have the right content, and that's very important. Two, you need to secure the content…
David: And finally you need to package that and sell that to airlines. Let me tell you, Samsung's not going to do that. Netflix is not going to do that. So very, very strongly, we are in a position – this is our point – we are in a position to within the next two years to become the number one virtual reality entertainment distributor in the world.
Investor question: Explain to me how the current model works?
Panel Investor: Explain to me how the current model works? Where these content providers work with the airlines to provide movies, TV shows, I'm thinking of Virgin Red. Every airline has these deals. What does that business model look like? And could this conceivably be a conflict of interest for those companies that spend a lot of money to have their movies shown on a flight and now there's this new...
David: So short answer is no. Here's the current business, how it works. You have the hardware providers. Then you have three intermediaries between the airlines and the original content owners, which are the studios.
David: It's a highly monopolistic area where there's a big value that's being eaten up by these intermediaries. And what we're doing is we're going straight to the content owners, to the studios, and bypassing everyone.
Panel Investor: So you're a dis-intermediary, I get that. But aren't these other incumbents going to be pissed off and fight like hell to try to shut you down?
David: Oh yeah, let's be clear. We're competitors to Thales, to Panasonic, to Global Eagle Entertainment, to Spafax, to these intermediaries. Yes.
Panel Investor: I sort of hate asking this question. It's just like, well what if Google competes with you in this space, right? Because Google could basically do whatever they want to do if they really wanted to compete. The last long-haul flight I was on they were pushing carts down the aisle with iPads, right? And so someone is basically doing what you're doing but they're doing it on an iPad. They've already negotiated these deals with planes. So if they were to see you getting some traction selling VR headsets, what stops them from using their own VR hardware? They already have all of the licensing deals, they have the operations in place, the deals with the airlines. It seems like it would be very easy for them to just swap out the hardware.
David: Yeah. So the key thing here is we're going to have at least a year head start to any of these guys that may exist today.
Investor question: You realize that a year is nothing?
David: Yeah, it's... Okay.
David: Okay. What we're trying to do is to make sure that we have and we showcase just a premium, fantastic premium VR experience to passengers.
David: Actually, there's a very high barrier of entry.
David: I will explain. Virtual reality on planes is as old an idea as virtual reality itself. Everyone has thought of this use case. And every single virtual reality headset manufacturer has taken marketing pictures of its headset on an aircraft as a way to sell it to passengers. It's obvious. But what makes it still not done today is because it's really, really hard to do. To be able to have and to get access to early window content from the studios, you need to prove to them that the content that's on your devices will never, ever end up on the internet.
David: We recruited our third co-founder that had 15 years exactly with those skills which was licensing content deals and streaming those on mobile devices.
David: The only reason why we've been able to succeed, and where we've been able to get to the traction that we have, is our team. There are no other fantastic reasons. And these are the three co-founders that we have at Skylights and that's the only reason why we've been able to succeed. We could not crack the problem until we managed to have all three of us. We are the right team. And if nothing else, the right proof of that is what we've been able to accomplish thus far.
Investor question: Will we see lots of people with VR on planes?
Investor question: What do you see as the total addressable market?
Panel Investor: What do you see as the total addressable market? The total market size for this?
David: $6 billion.
Investor question: $6 billion?
David: Yeah.
Investor question: How much do you have left on the deal?
David: Okay. I would like to just mention one thing that's, I think, very important that we haven't touched upon at all during this discussion.
David: We are in this area where we have the ability to distribute the first VR experience or VR headset experience to millions of people who don't live in Silicon Valley, or who aren't hardcore gamers. And they're spending a lot of time in our environment and they're discovering what virtual reality is about through us. I think there's an extraordinary marketing and leapfrog potential of being a huge VR experience distributor to people with our own brand, which is what we are doing. Trains. We've done pilots in trains. We had the first pilot a couple of weeks ago in France. Long distance buses, cruise ships.
Panel Investor: Self-driving cars?
David: When we get there, that to me is the leap to the consumer place. Either you think that virtual reality is going to have a hard time penetrating the general public. And in that case, that's an extraordinary opportunity for us. Or you think that virtual reality is going to submerge the market and then in five years everyone is going to have a virtual reality headset. I don't think so, by the way.
