Marco: Hola, como estan?
Marco: How are you?
Marco: It's great to see you again.
Marco: Alright, well nice to meet you. I am Marco Benitez. I can see you have some wearables and I love that. So you have a Garmin, maybe?
Marco: So you do running ?
Marco: No, no, no, no, no. You're running. Yes.
Marco: Perfect.
Marco: you're using your Apple Watch. Apple Watch.
Marco: And it's a very good extension for you
Marco: Exactly. So you use it like an extension for your phone. Right?
Marco: Okay. You used to run.
Marco: Are you using any wearable?
Marco: That's cool. That's cool.
Marco: That's cool.
Marco: No, that's cool. That's cool. Well, I have always been a fan of wearables, I have like four right now and it just started because, I really want to learn more about my body. In fact, at the very beginning I was, competing in TaeKwonDo.
Marco: So I became a national champion of TaeKwonDo in Mexico. that really helped me to understand my nutrition, my sleep, and my recovery, everything. So for me, wearables are really important, but That's not the only thing for me. Something that changed my life in terms of wearables, it's what happened with my dad. And he's a doctor, so he was very skeptical about wearables because at the end of the day, on those days in the early 2000s, the wearables were not so accurate. So I hand him one of my wearables and he told me, there's no way I'm going to use it. Immediately, he told me, and I told him like, please dad, use my wearable, I want to track you. Well, two weeks after, he was like, Marco, why this thing is always beeping and making all this noise
Marco: And I was like, okay, let me see it. Next step, We were running to the hospital and he's under medication. The wearable identified an anomaly in his heart. So it was a big thing. So for me, I mean, wearables are saving lives. and just recently the US Government Authority said every American should be wearing a wearable. there is a full blown campaign starting right now, and honestly, this is great for the public health. it's a huge opportunity, except if you are running a hospital, an insurance company, a wellness app, or a longevity app, this box with all of these devices are a nightmare. Every single device speaks a different language, and if you are trying to use all this information, all this data without cleaning it, you don't have data, you have noise. Here at Rook, we solve it.
Marco: And you're right.
Marco: Yes, we were, the last time we talked, I told him that we are going to chat with one Mezcal. Um-
Investor question: Where are you from?
Marco: I'm from Mexico.
Marco: But living in Florida. In Naples.
Marco: Yes, it’s beautiful
Marco: Yeah, yeah. Well, what we do is exactly this. We are something called an API. We have 300 wearables integrated. So we have the Apple Watch, the Polar, Garmin, Suunto, Huawei, Withings, all the wearables that are outside, plus medical devices. like CGMs, for example. Dexcom and all of them. and then, we clean the data. So we standardize everything because each one speaks a different language. we have our own cloud with algorithms, and we analyze everything and we deliver clean and very structured information. So now our clients can use it for AI purposes, graphics, correlations between all, everything. And we serve the insurance companies. We serve the hospitals for remote patient monitoring. The best way to do it is through these devices. And now the FDA approved to use some of them as medical devices, which is wonderful. The way you are going to track them is via my API. It's very simple. So I'm not, never in the front of anyone. I'm always behind doing all the analytics, all the structure, and then we deliver the information.
Investor question: And is it exposed as a developer platform?
Marco: We connect directly with developers and product team. They know the troubles because they went to integrate the wearables and they saw the mess. In fact, those are the best clients for us. The ones who already tried to integrate wearables. And it's very easy because it's like a fast sale, honestly.
Investor question: So are you an engineer? Did you build it?
Marco: I am biomedical engineer. I have a second degree in biomedics. my team also, I know them the last 20 years, so we were running different business together. and everyone is engineer. Everyone except one German guy. Oh, I love this guy. He's one of my co-founders. But, he is more focused on the operations part.
Panel Investor: And so you try to sell into hospitals or who is your customer?
Marco: Yes. At the very beginning, the low hanging fruit was the fitness, wellness, space because that's where we start to create the traction and also to improve our technology. So at the very beginning we were working with Commercial apps that wanted to, customize the experience with the end users. So let's say that you sleep very bad, the last night. Or you are very stressful. Immediately the app will customize the experience. So instead of doing a hard workout, you probably are going to do brief exercises So that type of things at the very beginning. And then we move towards the insurance companies, the long game is gonna be with the health industry. Still we have clients in each vertical that was very inbound. Everyone was very organic, how they started to connect with us
Marco: Yeah, it's like a B2B SaaS API. It's per tiers, depending on how many end users they have And we charge a monthly fee.
Investor question: When did you start the company?
Marco: Well, originally we started eight years ago, but was with a very different company. we were building this.
Marco: So we create, before, hardware for the fitness industry. That happened in Mexico, eight years ago. And then, when pandemic hits, change everything.
Marco: And we started to integrate, the wearables on our own platform. And that's when we saw the huge opportunity because when we started to integrate, we saw the mess over there. And secondly, also an insurance company, blue Cross Blue Shield, they connect with us and they say like, hey, what you have, I really want to try it in one of my programs. Is there any way I can integrate that part of your component of wearables in my own platform? And as a very good entrepreneur, I said, yes, obviously it is gonna be very easy. Of course not, And then on 2023, that's when we shift the business model. and started with a new one here in the US because this one we started in Mexico.
Panel Investor: Are most of your clients in Mexico or
Marco: No, no, no, no. All of our clients are based here in the US. we have clients in Asia, we have clients in Europe, in Latin America, unfortunately, we don't have too many, from the 50 clients that we have, at least seven are from Latin America.
Marco: Yes.
Investor question: How'd you capitalize the company and what does the cap table look like?
Panel Investor: And, and I'm aware of this pivot. How'd you capitalize the company and what does the cap table look like?
Marco: Yes. let me do one step back. this is my fourth company. My first company, I get an exit in 2006. So we were very young. We were in the college together, with one of my co-founders. And then, with that money, was not too much money, we create an algorithm for hospitals in Mexico and we sold it to a big, enterprise. then we started two business in the medical device industry. we sell medical devices over there in Mexico and we, it's huge. Right now, they are still running. They have their own CEO, very profitable. That company was the first one who invest on our first, company named Rook Motion, which is this one. then when we pivot, the first investor we had was Techstars, was the first time that I was in touch with investment from US. One investor told me, if you want to do something bigger, you have to move to the US.
Marco: And I did, I have two kids. I have my wife and I move completely from one day to another. Literally, my wife, she's crazy as, as, she's crazy. She's crazy.
Investor question: But you love her, right?
Marco: Oh my goodness. I love her so much.
Marco: Believe me.
Investor question: Is she Latina?
Marco: Very Latina.
Marco: Very Latina, very Mexican. But yeah, we moved from Mexico to, to the US, so basically, the capitalization of the first one was, Techstars, and then we, raised two millions. And then right now, what we are, raising is 1.5 million, which we already have 1.3 millions already wired.
Investor question: You, you raised 2 million after Techstars?
Panel Investor: Sorry. You, you raised 2 million after Techstars?
Marco: During Techstars on the demo day, we raised almost 2 million.
Marco: another 1.5 million
Marco: Yes
Marco: Yes
Investor question: Is there enough equity left?
Panel Investor: is that before or after accounting for the conversion of safes or-
Marco: Right now at the point where we are today.
Marco: Yes.
Marco: Yes. Everything is on SAFEs.
Marco: Exactly that. 69%. Right now, at the point that we are today
Marco: if today we convert with the 1.3 that we have already.
Marco: Including the 1.3. Yeah.
Marco: It wasn't, it wasn't before. And you know that.
Marco: Yes, yes
Marco: Yes.
Marco: Yes.
Marco: Yes, yes, yes.
Marco: I agree.
Investor question: how'd you rework terms?
Panel Investor: Okay. how'd you rework terms?
Marco: Yes. We work with our counsel, We renegotiate with the advisors. one of the biggest thing, honestly, when you are the first time raising here in the US, you hear a lot of advisors, and you said everything, yes. Because it's an opportunity because you don't have network. And crazy, percentage they are looking for and they tell you that they are going to help you, like to raise whatever and opens, I don't know how, million of doors.
Marco: We renegotiated with them. So they returned the equity
Panel Investor: This is big, I mean, we, it was just, we talked, what, two months ago? I don't even remember.
Marco: Uh, two months. We move very fast.
Marco: We move very fast.
Investor question: What did you have before this restructuring?
Marco: More or less, like 10%.
Marco: No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. I mean before. We have 57%. That's what I meant.
Marco: Yes
Investor question: May I ask you what your revenue is with these 50 clients?
Marco: Yes.
Investor question: What's the time frame?
Marco: At the very beginning, it took like, 190 days Right now between 30 to 60 days.
Investor question: What's the distribution of the 400,000 ARR across the 50 clients?
Marco: Yeah, roughly it's, it's in the spread, more or less. Everyone is, around the 2000, it's like the average.
Marco: $2,000 per month.
Marco: Per month
Panel Investor: Which is a lot higher than this 40k. It's actually double that.
Marco: Yeah
Marco: No, no, no. I think that with only these 50 we are going to be around the 1 million in ARR, the beginning of the next quarter. and we continue, every single month, we are closing between two and three new clients.
Marco: It's a real need.
Marco: Yes. 7 million pre-money.
Investor question: And what is your burn rate?
Marco: Right now, we, we are around the $40,000. We are, 27 people working, 80% are developers.
Marco: Yeah. Yeah.
Marco: mm-hmm.
Marco: Yes.
Marco: In 2023, the beginning of 2023, to create the API, because we didn't have anything. We raised it with a presentation
Marco: Mm-hmm.
Marco: Yeah.
Investor question: Where did all this money go? Did you have to make significant cuts?
Marco: Yeah.
Panel Investor: So I think for me, um, Marco, your story is really incredible. Like you are a winner, right? You are a winner in martial arts. You are a winner in business with your other companies. I have no doubt you're gonna make this business work. I think where my concerns are, as we've kind of been dancing around in all of this is around this, this money puzzle of, the constraints of, the capital you're bringing in, your burn rate. I get you're gonna grow your revenue, et cetera. But my worry is, dependence on future fundraisers like, makes me very nervous. Especially with where the cap table is.
Marco: Yes.
Marco: Where we are today. Yes. at the very beginning, you are 100% right. we were burning like $80,000 more or less.
Marco: Today it's like, it's the difference between what we receive
Marco: And what we burn.
Marco: Mm-hmm.
Marco: But, in terms of the team, it's less team. And we understood how to restructure the team that we have. Because we were in a transition between this one and the other company
Marco: And that also took time to us, honestly. Um
Marco: No, no, no. It's not anymore, working. Not anymore.
Marco: But that was on those, on those years.
Investor question: Can you describe a little bit, top down how you view the opportunity?
Marco: Yeah.
Marco: Mm-hmm.
Marco: Mm-hmm.
Investor question: Do you think of the opportunity as 500 clients?
Marco: Yeah. we are not working with the insurance company. We are working with the insure tech company, the one who provides the technology for them.
Marco: Because they already have the contracts and there is a lot of those companies. we are talking about thousands of them.
Marco: Thousands.
Marco: Yeah.
Marco: Mm-hmm.
Investor question: Can you think of ways to kind of go after faster moving clients? Like are there bigger health apps or bigger startup-like customers?
Marco: Yes. That's a really good one because we can’t control the roadmap of each company
Marco: But what we can do is deliver, a product that really, the developer can really enjoy, because at the end of the day, they want to show that they did something for the company. And they have already, in some point, the, the wearables integration. What we can do is that they can integrate very quickly. So our product is based on product led growth. So they took everything and they can start, integrate, very quickly, and then they can immediately pass through sandbox and immediately to production. When we are talking about medium and small companies, that's pretty fast. And also give us the opportunity to understand what type of things they are doing with all this data, which is really important. With the biggest one, definitely it's not the same thing because they need, it's really large. The pen test, the all the, we have to be certified by is x, x, y, z, all the things that they have to. so to your point, it's more like for small and medium companies, that's where we can build fast, really fast,
Marco: Mm-hmm.
Marco: Mm-hmm.
Marco: Yes.
Marco: Mm-hmm.
Investor question: Right?
Marco: Yes, no
Marco: Yeah, first quarter of next year, with the 1 million, we are going to be in the breakeven. That can help us to improve the momentum that we are going to have because the next step for us, it's to build for the series A.
Marco: Yes
Marco: Yes
Marco: Yes.
Marco: How do you think about that?
Marco: We have to invest in certifications, we have to be compliant. ISO 727001. It's around 500k. We have already the contracts with the insurance and with big industries, but we need to be certified how we mitigate that part, they allow us to give a small number of end users. And that's the reason they are paying also a small amount of money. Once we are certified, immediately they will show the whole product with all the end users they have. honestly, right now, certifications is one of the most important for insurance. And for health industry.
Investor question: Right?
Marco: So for example, the Fortune 50 company. We have that very specified.
Marco: So yes, that's how we try to negotiate with them.
Marco: Yeah, for example, in the insurance definitely is going to be RGA, Live Well, the Zurichs, the MetLifes if we are talking about hospitals, definitely is going to be my May, Mayo Clinic, for example. They have a remote patient monitoring specific, platform. So these type of things are where we are going to focus.
Investor question: Can I, can I ask a personal question?
Marco: Yes.
Marco: Mm-hmm.
Marco: Mm-hmm.
Marco: To you?
Marco: I, I did it.
Marco: I think you were, you were on holidays and I sent you an email. Yeah.
Marco: Yeah yeah yeah. I did it. I did it. And I was like, oh, he didn't answer. That's weird, because you were very responsive and we have very deep conversation.
Marco: and we were talking about life like he was like my best friend, right? So for me that was very weird because the first call that you have with one investor is not like that. It take time to create a relationship with someone. I do with my investors. In fact, my investor, I can call anyone that you want and they will answer me because I create a relationship with them. I love my investors. They are my partners. They're like, be marriage.
Investor question: So what are you looking for now?
Marco: Yeah, well, exactly the same thing. I'm looking for that, I'm looking for, partners that we can join on what we are building. Open doors and yeah, money, it's important, but I don't think it's the most important thing.
Marco: Yeah.
Investor question: Like why do you think you need the series A and at what point?
Marco: Yes
Marco: Yeah, Today, what we are building, we are like a pipe. We extract the data, we clean the data, and we deliver the data. However, we have the second part, which is we are going to become a data science company, and that's a complete different thing.
Investor question: And what happens if you can't raise a Series A? What do you think happens?
Marco: I will
Marco: Um, so I, I don't have any, any answer at that point right now, but definitely what I know is that we are going to discover it.
Investor question: Like you are a winner, right?
Marco: Yes.
Marco: Oh, that's cool. Thank you
Marco: Mm-hmm.
Marco: Okay. Sounds good.
Marco: Sounds good.
Marco: Awesome. Thank you.
Marco: Me too
Marco: Thank you so much.
Marco: Yes, we have 300, but definitely this is something that we can negotiate.
Marco: Yes, definitely. Yes.
