Antonio: My name is Antonio Forenza and I'm originally from Italy and I'm based in San Francisco. I am an entrepreneur, an inventor, an engineer. And most of all, I'm very passionate about mental well-being
Antonio: Financially what I'm doing does not make any sense, but not having an income for two years is like, whoa, what are you doing, Antonio? But, this is the best job I've ever had in my life. Every time I wake up in the morning with a smile.
Panel Investor: Hello?
Antonio: Hey, good to meet you
Investor question: , how are you Antonio?
Panel Investor: Hey, Charles, how are you Antonio? Nice to meet you.
Antonio: Nice to meet you
Antonio: Antonio. Nice to meet you.
Antonio: Antonio.
Antonio: Thank you. I am Antonio Forenza, founder and CEO of Awear. We're building Oura for your mental wellness. So a few years back I had really hard times managing my stress. I was anxious, irritable, and overweight. So I decided to do something about it. I got myself an Apple watch and start monitoring my exercise and calorie burn. And I lost 40 pounds in 12 months. Now my mental wellness journey was a little bit more bumpy than that. Actually, a lot more bumpier. That's where I got the idea of Awear. So we have so many tools today to monitor our physiological wellness, but there's nothing to measure our mental wellness. And so Awear is the smart ear cuff that uses EEG technology and machine learning to help you track your emotions. The mobile app has a conversational AI coach. Awear empowers you to take control of your own mental wellbeing. Now, like me, three out of four people in the US experience sustained stress to the point that is affecting their physiological and mental health. Mental wellness alone is a $500 billion market. I have 20 years of experience building hardware and software with over 300 patents issued worldwide. I have strong experience leading technical team and R&D teams. We have a working prototype of the hardware and the mobile app backed by neuroscience validations. Coming out of Techstars, we are now raising our preseed round of 700k to go to production.
Investor question: So how does this work exactly?
Antonio: Yeah, so it's a nice fashionable ear cuff that measures your brainwaves. And then we use machine learning to map your brainwaves into emotions.
Investor question: How does that help you, I guess, become less stressed?
Antonio: Yeah -
Antonio: Yeah, so there are, there are two ways. There is the real time component of it, where you bring self-awareness in the moment as you're getting stressed. It tells you, slow down, breathe for five seconds. You can have a much more productive meeting. Or you can also do the long-term track where you start seeing that you have a week worth of stress and maybe you need to slow down, maybe you need to take a break. In fact, it tracks your mental wellness and gives you tips
Investor question: And it's talking to you or you look at an app?
Antonio: So the first, the first version is gonna be through the app. That's what we're building right now. But in the future, we might actually include new features in the hardware. The first version’s gonna be very simple, just like the first Oura ring. It was very bulky.
Antonio: Oh, yeah, absolutely
Investor question: I would - are those, looks like, prototypes?
Panel Investor: Oh yeah. I would - are those, looks like, prototypes?
Antonio: Yes. So these are cosmetic prototypes and this is a prototype that we're doing for medical devices. It's a different form factor, but the electronics is the same.
Antonio: Exactly.
Antonio: Yeah. So, uh, I believe, we believe it's gonna be the same thing as Oura. You know, eight years ago I said, I will never wear a ring and look at me right now. So you have different style. You have gold, silver, brown, and black. And we believe that he's gonna be a fashion statement, but also a way to tell people, I care about my mental wellness. So this is a way to remove also the stigma that is associated to mental wellness, and that's why we, we believe it's gonna be really powerful.
Investor question: Why is your quote unquote stress proxy or mental health signal, why is that superior to what Apple can already do or will be able to do in a couple of years with something that's wrist worn? We're gonna tell you your stress measure based on, you know, this triangulation or whatever, and like, you're screwed, right?
Panel Investor: So I interestingly have looked at a couple of ear wearables and I believe that, I actually believe that. Something visible that signals something about yourself as an edge of culture person and then that edge of culture identification moving more mainstream. I believe that that's possible. A couple of things that I would really love to understand. The Apple Watch is the tech, the sensors, everything that it can do. It keeps getting better and better. And so I'm really curious. Why is your quote unquote stress proxy or mental health signal, why is that superior to what Apple can already do or will be able to do in a couple of years with something that's wrist worn? Because my fear would be, oh, well Apple ships something that's like. We're gonna tell you your stress measure based on, you know, this triangulation or whatever, and like, you're screwed, right?
Antonio: Absolutely. So it's very complimentary to any wearable that already exists. The core technology is EEG
Antonio: Electroencephalography.
Antonio: So we are measuring the, the electrical signal generated by your neurons that reach the surface of the scalp. You have these two biomarkers that are arousal and valence. These are terms used in neuroscience. By mapping these two dimensions, you can derive all the different emotions. Professor Lisa Pell from UCSF, department of Psychiatry, she talks a lot about
Antonio: How the way to prevent depression is to recognize the recurring state of high arousal, low valence, which is associated with tension, stress. And gradually, with self-awareness, with CBT, with DBT, bring yourself down to a state of calm. And so that's what we do with Awear. The foundations of Awear are common CBT.
Antonio: We’re just applying a combination of neuroscience principle and psychiatry principle to the wearable
Antonio: Exactly. Yeah.
Antonio: And our, our goal in this is our great differentiation compared to other neurotech startup is the form factor. So you'll see a lot of neurotech that have headbands -
Antonio: - helmets. Coming out Techstars, what we learn interviewing customers is that they want something fashionable and they can wear every day. And since our use case was continuous monitoring, just like the Oura Ring, that's how we came up with this, uh, form factor.
Investor question: So your background is, you are responsible for 300 hardware patents?
Antonio: Yeah. Software and hardware.
Investor question: Were you working at a company before? What kinds of devices?
Antonio: Yeah, so I spent the last 20 years on my life in telecom actually, building mobile infrastructure, both in startups and large corporations. Right before I founded Awear I was Senior Vice president of R&D for Rakuten, a Japanese company.
Antonio: So I've had a lot of experience leading technical and R&D teams.
Investor question: Uh, have you built any hardware devices at any of these companies before?
Antonio: Yeah, yeah, yeah. I built a lot of 4G and 5G based stations.
Antonio: The first prototype I developed myself. The signal processing was the same that I did for the last 20 years. Only it was much easier. Now I can run on a phone instead of running on servers.
Investor question: Can you talk more about just like the cost profile of making the, the cuff?
Antonio: Yeah. So we are looking at $300, uh, the price of the cuff. Uh. With about 77% profit margin at scale.
Antonio: Well, uh, uh, at a large scale. So -
Investor question: What about, what are the cogs for your first 5,000 units?
Antonio: Oh, it's higher than that. Definitely higher. So I'm talking about quantity, like we're projecting a hundred million ARR in the five years. So about 400,000 units. So basically following the playbook of Oura and Whoop.
Investor question: And then there's a subscription component?
Antonio: Yeah exactly. Yeah. So the subscription right now in our financial model is $12.99. So it's somewhere between Oura and Whoop. Oura is lower subscription, but higher price of the hardware. We wanna be a little bit more like Whoop because we wanna innovate more on the software. We are more of a software company, really. The future of Awear, our vision is to continuously monitor your brain. Every thoughts, every emotion relies on our brain functioning well and we go our entire life and we wait until we have depression, anxiety. Or neurodegenerative disease. So that's what we're trying to do. We're trying to bring brain wave monitoring to everyday life.
Investor question: Is there IP in the, both hardware and software?
Panel Investor: I think it's very unique, very compelling. Is there IP in the, both hardware and software?
Antonio: Yeah. Yeah. There is IP in the hardware itself. In the form factor in the ear cuff.
Investor question: Is that protected?
Antonio: Yeah, we have. Yeah, we have -
Investor question: So nobody else can measure EEG with an ear cuff device?
Antonio: Yes.
Antonio: I'm really good with patents. I've myself handwritten, all my patents and, uh, communicate with office actions. So I know the patent process really well.
Investor question: Has there been any other capital raised thus far?
Panel Investor: I’m curious on the, if you can give a little bit of the fundraising history. You mentioned Techstars. Has there been any other capital raised thus far?
Antonio: Thus far, no. So just a, a few small checks from Angels, but mainly Techstars. We build this hardware and the mobile app through Techstars.
Investor question: What can you do with the 700K? Like, what does that enable you to do?
Antonio: So we want to hit a couple more product development milestones on the hardware and on the algorithm side. And then we'll launch a Kickstarter in June. And then from there we'll do a, a seed round that is gonna be larger and it will take us to production.
Investor question: But I think one of the challenges that I realized is like, what do you tactically do with the information? But aside from someone to take a deep breath, like, I think one of the shortcomings is what is that final step?
Investor question: Aside from someone to take a deep breath, like, I think one of the shortcomings is what is that final step?
Antonio: Mm-hmm.
Investor question: So I think this is the question that I have of, okay, let's say that you have great form factor, great accuracy on this, but like, how do you actually solve the problem of stress, depression, mental health, et cetera?
Antonio: So there's two things. Our app has two different features. One is the, if you wish, the vitamin. And the vitamins that Awear gives you is your stress. You had an just an emotional breakdown, which actually happened to me December 24th, Awear was telling me I have a week long of stress and look at the patterns, look at the color on my app. That is a clear pattern. Like this is a, this is not good. And I said, you know what? I'm just gonna take a break and recharge.
Antonio: And then there is the painkiller. And the painkiller we are implementing with a conversational AI coach. Think of it as a life coach that is always on your phone and knows your emotions minute by minute, day by day. Week by week, month by month, knows you really intimately. That's the subscription.
Investor question: Like if the Oura Ring tells you you're stressed and the Apple Watch can tell you you're stressed, like why are people gonna understand your signal differently? Like, it's like if this thing that I already have is telling me that I'm stressed, like why is this so much better?
Panel Investor: So I'm gonna double down on this kind of query. 'cause to me this is sort of critical. Like if the Oura Ring tells you you're stressed and the Apple Watch can tell you you're stressed, like why are people gonna understand your signal differently? Not from a scientific perspective, but from a social perspective. Like, it's like if this thing that I already have is telling me that I'm stressed, like why is this so much better?
Antonio: Yeah. So Oura ring tells me that I'm stressed when I go for a run, and actually I'm physiologically stressed.
Antonio: But I'm not -
Antonio: Not mentally stressed.
Antonio: It’s like really octagonal.
Antonio: Exactly. Because it's a, it's a measure of HRV. We tap into the central nervous system, which is where everything originates. And so we can have much, much higher accuracy. The real time component of EEG is phenomenal. We give you a sample of your emotion every second so you can actually self-regulate.
Investor question: You come on The Pitch Show, you get nervous, right? I think what I'm trying to understand, and this is more of a user experience problem than anything, like, how do you signal enough to the user that they're stressed but not too much such that it's actually not useful?
Antonio: So that's a key thing of, of this product, you know, user experience is everything, and it's gonna be one of the first hire that we're gonna do for user experience. But right now we're just, we, we acquired a lot of data from our customers. Like, things that we learn is, especially founders. Our journey is not easy, you all know. So we hear founders telling us, sometimes I'm explosive with my team. I wish I had something in the moment that could tell me, hey, slow down. You might actually create more damage in your team. So if we can self-regulate ourselves in the moment, maybe we can have a much better meeting with our team. There is that component. But I agree, uh, how we present that it's gonna be critical in this product.
Investor question: Is there an outside shot?
Panel Investor: I am interested because I think the opportunity here is really what you look for as an angel investor, which is like some incredible asymmetric upside. And today no one that I'm seeing is walking around with an ear cuff that's measuring their mental wellbeing. And I think if we can just close our eyes, imagine the world 10 years from now. Is there an outside shot? That, you know, X percentage of the population would be wearing this and wanting the data and I think that's a, you know, non-zero chance of happening. And I think. You are arguably one of the best people, if not maybe the best person in the world to actually solve this problem. So there's perfect founder market fit. My average check historically is around $50,000 so that's kind of where I stand here.
Antonio: Thank you
Antonio: Yeah.
Antonio: Yeah.
Antonio: Beautiful. Thank you. I appreciate it.
Investor question: Where are you in the fundraise?
Antonio: So the first one was Techstars. We collecting checks from, uh, friends and family but pretty much starting right now
Investor question: Have terms been set or not yet?
Antonio: We are looking at the 7 million cap. But, um, we are very open.
