Sophia: Hi. My name is Sophia Dominguez. And I'm the CEO and co-founder of SVRF. Imagine a world where you don't need your phone or a computer. Where visuals just appear in front of your eyes. Information and content flows through you, seamlessly, around you, at all times. The need for screens ends because rectangles are no longer as important. The future of this content is happening already, and everything I just described is not something that I've just made up; it's happening today on our phones already, and it's only going to get better. So that leads me to what we're focusing on today. Okay. I totally messed up.
Sophia: Okay.
Sophia: We're no longer confined to a rectangle or to a screen. Holograms appear in front of you. Stories unfold all around you.
Sophia: This is no longer sci-fi. We can do everything I just described on our phones and it's only going to get better. The type of content that works in this new realm we call immersive content. We define it as 360 degree photos and videos, 3D objects and environments, 3D masks, filters and lenses. And the creation of this content is growing exponentially. Search engines evolve out of every new content type. We've seen this in the past with websites, with Google, products and images with Pinterest, videos with YouTube and GIFs with Giphy. Immersive content will be no different
Sophia: And thus we started SVRF.
Investor question: So can you explain it a little bit?
Panel Investor: So can you explain it a little bit? If we take a step back where is this immersive content now? How are we currently using it? And then how's it going to grow?
Sophia: Yeah. So we index today about 23 different sites. So there's different ways in which they'll be indexed. We look for a very specific type of file, and these file types range from anything from JPEG, PNG, MP4
Investor question: What exactly are we doing?
Investor question: Are you a search engine?
Panel Investor: I'm sorry, I'm totally confused. What exactly are we doing? SVRF does what? Let's start again.
Panel Investor: Yeah. Are you a search engine?
Sophia: Yes.
Panel Investor: So I go to SVRF dot - you have a URL - and I go to that to do what?
Sophia: Yes. So you can search for all immersive content. But that's actually not what we're focused on today So what we realized is that most media consumption happens on social networks, such as Snapchat and Instagram
Investor question: What do you do?
Panel Investor: Stop there. Instagram. We all use Instagram. What do you do?
Sophia: Okay. So I'm sure you've seen that there are face masks and other elements that are immersive content that are layered on top of people.
Panel Investor: Like Snapchat put bunny faces on?
Sophia: Yes. So that is a type of immersive content.
Sophia: So utilizing the camera suddenly you have a bunny face or a dog face. That is one type of immersive content. There’s other types of immersive content which you see which companies like Apple which are doing Animoji stuff. So suddenly you turn yourself into a character
Sophia: Yeah. And it’s becoming very consumer and very normal behavior. But the next generation of that is to also allow you to be anywhere at the same time. So you’re a panda, but it’s still kind of weird that you’re in this podcast studio. But I could then search utilizing our API to be like, I want to be in a jungle. And so suddenly you’re a panda that’s literally in a jungle just through the camera. And so we’re enabling that search database.
Investor question: Why are we doing this? What's going on here?
Investor question: For me to be a panda in another dimension?
Panel Investor: So help us old folks with something here. Why are we doing this? What's going on here?
Sophia: You don't have to be. That was one example.
Sophia: There's different levels of immersive content.
Investor question: Did you invent that technology that did that? Or what did you do?
Sophia: The content. So we powered the content. So today we've been porting our experiences to Snapchat. So we take some sort of asset and then build it into Snapchat's Lens Studio and then promote it on Snapchat. What we want to do and what we're focused on now is building this API that automatically would just do the conversion process and then be able to power this content very seamlessly into companies like Snapchat, Instagram
Investor question: But are you selling your API to Instagram?
Panel Investor: So Apple, Instagram, Snapchat, they're already doing this. I can turn myself into a panda. I don't think I can turn myself into a panda in the jungle. But are you selling your API to Instagram?
Sophia: Not selling. But we're partnership with all camera-enabled companies. So any sort of social AR and VR company that's looking for more content.
Sophia: So for example today we’re partner with this company called Metaverse. And so what they allow is you can very easily build AR experiences. And so we provide them with a database of content that allows their users to like more readily build these types of experiences.
Investor question: Is it a licensing type of deal?
Panel Investor: Is it a licensing type of deal? I mean, you said a partnership. What does a partnership mean?
Sophia: They integrated our API.
Investor question: How are you going to generate revenue? How is it going to be a business? How is it an investable asset?
Sophia: Yeah. So what we’re focused on right... We today power 1.25 million experiences across our applications.
Panel Investor: Per?
Sophia: Per month.
Investor question: And what does that mean in revenue?
Sophia: So we’re currently not generating any revenue. And we want to grow to 50 million experiences per month, mostly through the API partnerships, and then monetizing through the API
Investor question: When you get to 50 million experiences a month, how do you monetize?
Sophia: what we want to do is do sponsored posts from within the API. So instead of just focusing around people coming to SVRF.com, utilizing the API as a way to get more eyeballs, and essentially have sponsored posts there. So for example, if I'm Nike, we create some sort of experience, they want to pay for premier placement of anyone who's searching through sports or whatever the experience is about, then they get prime placement
Sophia: Yes.
Investor question: What kind of revenue can you generate from that?
Sophia: M-hm. I mean, it's really honestly unknown We're still figuring it out But I think for us it's about how do we get to 50 million? And how do we get that scale. And also in the meantime work with the brands
Panel Investor: Sponsored posts are the only source of monetization? Can't you come up with some kind of licensing fee or something that can... If you're going to really be behind the scenes powering all this stuff, can't you charge for that?
Panel Investor: Like in other words, wouldn't Instagram pay you a licensing fee to use this?
Sophia: Mm, I don't think that they would. Partly because Giphy has been the only company to kind of break through and be able to partner with Instagram, Facebook, Snapchat, all these different places. And they have specifically chosen not to charge these companies, because for them it's about scale and distribution. And I think that we'll follow a similar path
Investor question: Right?
Panel Investor: Just tell us what this is. This is purely a bet that you can scale to have a tremendous amount of usage. And the idea is that you sell this business to someone who wants that line of traffic. Right? That's what this is? I mean, you clearly have no want to really to make revenue. You're on a... Which is maybe sometimes not a - I can't believe I'm saying this - but in this game, this is what you're doing. You just want crazy traffic and then you want to flip the business, right?
Sophia: No. I wouldn't say that at all. I think that we do want crazy traffic. And I think we want to power all this content. But I think focusing too early on that will not allow us to focus on scale. And how do we get as many partnerships as possible and reach. And therefore turning that around and turning it into an actual business.
Sophia: Thank you
Investor question: What does this look like in three years? What do you want it to be? What does success look like?
Sophia: So success looks like we are the company... I think like ten years down the line.
Sophia: What we think about is we are the company that owns the glasses or the contacts that basically power reality distortion. Because that’s what we actually want to do. Because if you say, I want to suddenly be at the beach somewhere, the company that powers that is also the company that actually has the device that does that.
Investor question: So you want to be eventually in the hardware business?
Sophia: Eventually.
Investor question: Would that be being acquired by a hardware?
Sophia: Yeah. I mean I think it’s a long way away.
Sophia: Within three years, if we’re integrated with every social application and basically powering their entire database of lenses and we’re the known brand for immersive content, period
Investor question: So who is 'we' and what's your secret sauce?
Sophia: mhm so I've been passionate about augmented reality and virtual reality forever And I'm a product person. So I had one other company before. umm [00:15:23] We sort of turned it into a dating app. But we decided that we didn't want to work on a dating app and so we shut it down. But in during my time there, that's when I started AllThingsVR, which was one of the first virtual reality newsletters, and trying to help people understand what was happening in the virtual reality and augmented reality industries. And generated this idea of SVRF, realizing that there's going to be increasingly amounts of content there needs to be someone to organize it and allow people to surface it in various applications
Investor question: What valuation are you raising at now this round again?
Sophia: Seven million.
Sophia: Three
Sophia: A little over a year ago.
Investor question: How do you have money?
Sophia: So we’ve raised $730,000 so far.
Investor question: And what are you doing now?
Sophia: Right now we're raising 1.5
Sophia: Thank you.
Sophia: Market timing.
Sophia: So originally when I started pitching this, ummm we really focused on AR and VR. But got passes within six seconds of somebody looking at the document because it literally only said AR and VR. And what we are really focused on is not necessarily headsets at all People were saying that headsets growth is going to be huge. And we were like, that’s not going to happen. Nobody really wants to wear a headset. But this content is so interesting. How can we make this content interesting for the people of today And that’s where Snapchat and places like Instagram and these sort of lenses and filters really come in handy, because it’s just so natural to see this content and experience this content through the camera. And realizing that early has set us ahead.
Sophia: Yeah. It's just, VR is in a nuclear winter and AR is in a very cold times.
Investor question: can you talk about any of the exciting things of how this content could be practically applied or implemented through AR/VR? Do you have partnerships on that?
Panel Investor: Right. Which to me is, okay, there’s going to be AR and VR in our life at some point. So this is a great time to invest in this type of sector. can you talk about any of the exciting things of how this content could be practically applied or implemented through AR/VR? Do you have partnerships on that?
Sophia: Yeah. So I think the thing... The area where I’m most interested is everything that Apple is doing and also Samsung is doing with these characters. And we’ve seen this with companies like Snapchat and Bitmoji and then with Apple with Animoji. And I think another reason why companies [00:31:00] like Apple, they’re focusing on how do we mask how somebody looks? Because the number one reason why people don’t video chat is because they don’t like the way that they look, so if you can change that, that allows more and more people to share video, to talk on video, etc, etc. And I think it’s just it’s a more natural way to communicate than just being on the phone.
Investor question: Right?
Panel Investor: With this, I don't know how big the upside is I usually like to swim in the post-seed waters; probably the round that would be coming after this. Just to really be able to evaluate more, have more metrics to really understand how people are engaging, are they re-engaging, I like, I really like you, [00:38:00] I like this. And I say to myself, if when I was getting... If I were to get pitched, if Snapchat pitched to me seven years ago, I would have passed, because I didn't get it. And I'd be kicking myself for passing. Right? Because I would have just been like oh, that's just a stupid app. It's a generational thing. I didn't realize what it was going to be and this paradigm shift that was happening. I don't want to miss the boat on this, because I feel like there's something really special here. So I do want to keep in touch. And then if you need to raise more money in your next round as you ramp up to Series A, I'd love to have that conversation.
Sophia: Awesome. Cool. Appreciate that.
Sophia: Of course.
