Andrew: Do we shake hands? Or do we just -
Investor question: How you doing?
Panel Investor: How you doing? Neal.
Andrew: Great to meet you.
Andrew: Andrew. Good to meet you.
Andrew: I'm Andrew, still. And we are building an app that lets you step back inside your memories. I'm a new father, and so every day I'm just reminded just how important our moments are to us, that memories are our most valuable possessions. And so that's why we're creating Wist. With Wist, you still take the video to try to remember the moment, but you don't watch it again. You step back inside it using AR and VR across mobile and headsets. So we are starting with immersive memories. We're building out sharing and multiplayer and then building out the ability to upconvert any existing capture into our format. And then all of that sets us up really well to offer APIs and SDKs for other developers coming into the spatial computing space. Both my cofounder and I, we have years of AR/VR experience. I used to lead an AR/VR design and development group at Samsung. And yeah, our waitlist right now, we're like just, just under 11,000 and that's over the last few months. Beta is shipping on iOS, Quest and soon Apple Vision Pro. So today, hoping to close our $1.2 million round led by Long Journey Ventures, to bring immersive memories to my son and everyone else.
Investor question: Is that okay?
Panel Investor: Do it.
Panel Investor: Do it.
Andrew: Have you used a Meta Quest before?
Andrew: Cool. So you should just be able to put it on, And if you look to your left, you should see my son's first ultrasound.
Andrew: It's like fully volumetric, so you can walk around it, you can walk up to it. Just like she might be like in the actual room.
Investor question: Oh my gosh, am I looking at your wife?
Andrew: Yeah, yeah, yeah. So that's my wife.
Andrew: Yeah, and this was like the first time we were able to get him to laugh, too, and so it's - yeah -
Andrew: - a really special moment.
Investor question: What did you use to capture the videos?
Andrew: All captured on iPhone, on pro model iPhones.
Investor question: So you just literally took this video with your phone?
Andrew: Yeah. So right now, we do use the lidar sensor on the uh iPhones and so that's what allows us to capture today.
Investor question: So is it immersive? Do you feel like you're in the room?
Investor question: For the graininess, I guess, with the advancement in AI, like do you think down the road, it could be more smoothed over, if you will?
Panel Investor: So Elizabeth, is it immersive? Do you feel like you're in the room? Or is it still maybe 2-dimensional is how I would describe it.
Andrew: Oh yeah. Absolutely. So there's like low hanging fruit that we're tackling right now, um and then throughout this year, we're working on uh continual rendering improvements. But then there's also just artistic effects that make it feel a little bit more like - people have seen in like Black Mirror or Harry Potter or Minority Report.
Investor question: Can you unpack the tech for a little bit? What makes Wist unique in the ways that you're uploading it to the VR platform?
Panel Investor: Can you unpack the tech for a little bit? So you take these videos that were recorded on an iPhone. What makes Wist unique in the ways that you're uploading it to the VR platform?
Andrew: We encode the color data we get from one camera, we encode the depth data from another camera. We do a little bit of post-processing um just to package it up better for playback. And then, yeah, it's uploaded into our backend. Basically it's like instant - like if I capture something now it's on the headset.
Investor question: Like, you can just capture it with the native camera? Or do you have to capture it with your app?
Andrew: No, not right now.
Investor question: Do you see that changing?
Panel Investor: Do you see that changing? So I grabbed a video of my son with just the iPhone camera -
Andrew: Right.
Investor question: - and then I can upload that to the Wist app?
Andrew: Yeah, yeah.
Investor question: Can you get there?
Andrew: So that's our expectation for the end of the year, is to be able to ingest any existing 2D media. And that's everything from something you've captured recently to childhood videos.
Investor question: I mean, we've all had that problem with our parents, right?
Panel Investor: I mean, is there a day that'll come where, hey, I've got this old VHS. I mean, we've all had that problem with our parents, right?
Andrew: Right. Yeah. So One of the prototypes we did is a moment of my grandmother reading to me when I was a toddler. Yeah. It's like rough, in part because it was a prototype, and part because, you know, it was like on a VHS, but. Yeah.
Investor question: That's possible?
Panel Investor: That's possible? Yeah. You'll get there.
Andrew: Yeah.
Investor question: What is the business model that you're envisioning?
Andrew: Yeah. So that I think is a little bit open. So our expectation right now is on the consumer side that we will go for subscription.
Andrew: And then, I think on the API and SDK side, eventually when we're offering that to developers, that'll just be a pay per use.
Investor question: Is there to the app that pulls this out of you, that kind of reminds you to film or anything like that?
Panel Investor: Is there to the app that pulls this out of you, that kind of reminds you to film or anything like that? And I kind of ask cos there's a startup actually here in San Diego called Qeepsake, where every day they text you during pregnancy -
Andrew: With a Q?
Andrew: Definitely. Yeah. I mean, I think the way we're thinking about it is like there are some like interactions that we would be interested in exploring, kind of like a prompt. But I think also our initial base is just like - these are the captures you're already - like you're already taking out your phone, you're already capturing. And so it's - instead of doing that in the native camera, it's in the Wist camera. And one way we also reduce switching cost is we automatically export a 2D capture into your camera roll and then if you view it in Wist, well, you're physically there again.
Andrew: Absolutely. Yeah. Yeah.
Andrew: Yeah. It's like amazing. I think that personally it has been so validating. Like, Specifically for Wist. Apple thinks that spatial memories are so important that they added a hardware button. I think that Wist still stands differentiated, though, because we are on your phone, we are on the Apple headset, we're on the Quest headset, we're on like any device, because, in a really dark sense, like, you don't want the last moments of grandma stuck on single platform. And the - the Apple device is going to be out of most people's price range. Also, capturing with the headset is really awkward. We're just like take a video and then you're done. Like, you're there. It's extremely easy to use.
Investor question: Given that you are reliant, kind of, upon people having headsets to be able to enjoy this, like, how do you think about that?
Andrew: So - in some ways I don't care what else you use your VR headset for. If you have it, then like you can use Wist. And there's - something around like tens of - tens of millions of Quests are out there. And so even if that's on the shelf today, you can charge it up and Wist is ready to go. So like it's not like we have to wait for that to roll out. We just have to have you plug it in.
Andrew: Yeah.
Investor question: But what was the inspiration for you to start the business?
Panel Investor: Sounds like you were doing great at Samsung and now you've got a child, so there's added layers of stress in being an entrepreneur. But what was the inspiration for you to start the business?
Andrew: It comes from like a lot of places, really. You know, in middle school my grandmother died and eventually I realized that like the new people that I was meeting like my wife like she's never gonna be able to like really meet her. My why is like - yeah, is that memories are just like our most important thing at the end of the day and that this is an opportunity unlike any other to like build an app that - yeah, just like deeply resonates with people. It's not - it's not something that's throwaway. This is like you. And thinking like a little bit longer term too, like my son will be able to go back into all of these same captures and like see his parents be a lot younger and see himself be like a tiny little bean. it's wild.
Andrew: Absolutely.
Investor question: Do you have a sense of the overlap between headset ownership and your target audience? Are they in that sweet spot of people who are likely to have devices already?
Andrew: We're just like relying on the waitlist numbers and so if I remember off the top of my head, I think there's about like 20 to 40% of them have both an iPhone and one of the supported Quest headsets.
Andrew: In our last release, we rolled out to 100 users. I think right now we have about 71 who went through the actual sign-up process. Those numbers are a little bit separated from each other because some of those people came in before the thing, but yeah, it's like -
Investor question: Wait, what do you mean by that?
Andrew: Sorry, sorry. So yeah, basically like we have 71 people who have gone through the entire sign-up process. And like entered their data and they like create an account.
Andrew: Yeah.
Andrew: Yes.
Investor question: Are they all actively using your products right now?
Andrew: I don't think we entirely know. We're still like working on the analytics reporting.
Andrew: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Investor question: Can you tell maybe like how many have uploaded one video versus not even gotten to that stage?
Andrew: Absolutely. The data's there, we just like have to make Google analytics tell us.
Andrew: Yeah. Definitely. And totally respect that. And I think like it was very important to us that it feels as easy as taking a video. um And that's - that's where we are.
Andrew: Sure. I think like the way we think about that is that, yeah, we're accessible on every platform, including Apple’s.
Andrew: Not, yeah. Yeah. Definitely. Cool. Thank you.
Andrew: Absolutely.
Investor question: How often are they capturing and then how often are they using?
Panel Investor: I would encourage you to start doing as much as you can to be tracking even those 70 people. How often are they capturing and then how often are they using? I think the idea of using technology to make us feel more connected to each other, to our family, to the people in the past is beautiful. So I wanna encourage you in that mission and journey, I hope you continue to build this. Just need to see a little bit more around - well, how often do people want to have that experience of going back and visiting grandma, So to speak. So really awesome mission, rooting for you, but it's gonna be a pass.
Andrew: Okay. Cool. Yeah. Thank you.
Investor question: What are the terms?
Andrew: 1.2 million on a 10 post.
Investor question: And how much of that is accounted for?
Andrew: Ah, we have 342 remaining. So 858, right?
Investor question: Right now, who is on your team besides you and your cofounder? Do you have other people?
Andrew: No. It's just us.
Andrew: And honestly, yeah, like the round is to start staffing up. Expect to actually start the hiring process next week. So like writing out job descriptions and reaching out to people. Expect to hire two early on and then probably a third before the end of the year.
Investor question: When did you start the business?
Andrew: We started it in June of 2022. Last year When I left Samsung, I like, yeah, spent months just prototyping different spatial memory ideas. Built up the first alphas myself, and then yeah, met my cofounder then incorporated.
