David: How are you? Pleasure to meet you.
Investor question: What's your name?
David: David.
Investor question: What's your last name?
David: Sarabia.
Investor question: So what have you got?
Panel Investor: Cool shoes man.
In the pitch room today is founder David Sarabia. David is here asking for 500 thousand dollars for an app that he says will help people recover from addiction.
Drug abuse is an enormous problem in the U.S. right now … more than 100 Americans die every day from an opioid overdose. And David’s had his own struggles with addiction, so for him this is personal. But will his passion for this problem, translate into a business that investors can get behind?
Here’s who he’ll have to convince:
David: So my name is David Sarabia, the founder of InRecovery. And just to give you a little background on myself, I’m a tech guy. I started programming around eight years old on the Commodore 64. Been doing this forever. And kind of as a result, by 27, I had two successful exits in ecommerce. One of them, Uprinting.com which we sold to a VC firm. And the second one was an ecommerce platform that I started. So by 27, I had a lot of money, a lot of time. And I moved to New York and I was introduced to cocaine. And that was the very quick demise of my success I found myself homeless on my 30th birthday sleeping on a bench in Central Park
David: and then my friend died in February. February 2016 my friend Jake Greenwald Unfortunately he didn't wake up one day. He overdosed. And that's when I knew I'd be next So I needed help. And I ended up checking myself into rehab that year, and that's when I had the vision for InRecovery
David: Right now treatment tends to be a very one size fits all approach, it's a very blanketed approach in the treatment industry. And the science is a little bit old and there hasn't really been much advancement in terms of the future of treatment that's one of the biggest challenges that we're trying to solve, is to figure out what kind of treatments are actually more efficient. What's better for this kind of person? Let's actually make it a more personal, a truly personalized experience.
David: We’re in pilot right now. So we have our first pilot where they’re using it with a population of 200 people in LA.
Panel Investor: So each patient has the app downloaded and then...?
David: Each patient has it on their device, yes.
Panel Investor: And then the people running the patient center have their own version?
David: Have their back-end version which gives them analytics. It also detects when someone is veering off path, it alerts them.
Investor question: So do they give them activities to do every day within the app?
David: Yes. Right. So through the user experience, for example, w e have this user I love Cindy at this point… She's this fictitional user. So Cindy, let's say she's in treatment at Wavelengths, where I went. She wakes up every morning and she gets dinged with a meditation task to start the day And she earns her first 25 points for the day. So she starts gearing towards her goal for the day which is usually 200 points or whatever the intensity of the treatment is for that patient.
David: And there's another part of it. So beyond the treatment, after treatment, we extend the continuum of care. So we keep the member inside InRecovery and they're paired up with a Sober Circle. So this is not something... You know, it's basically a... We're taking the whole concept of AA and bringing it into...
David: Yeah. See. And we're not making it a big Sober Circle. We're making it three people. So it's two of your peers and a team leader And what that means is that part of your Sober Circle, you have a recovery coach that always checks in on you So we’re really making their chances of staying sober much higher by having a professional that’s always in communication with them And the reason being is that I want you to have a place where you can be yourself. Where you can be honest. Where you can just say, hey listen guys, I feel like shit today. I had a big argument with my girlfriend. I feel like using. You can't go on Instagram or Facebook and say that. You can’t be honest on social media
Investor question: Can you talk to us about the business side of this?
Panel Investor: So let's say we step back for a second and we all agree that what you're doing is really important, we all agree that your journey is incredible and very pertinent and the reason why you're doing it. Like all entrepreneurs that are successful, that I've seen, are fixing a problem that they've seen in their lives. You are perfect for that But let's talk about investing. Can you talk to us about the business side of this? Can you talk to us about... I'm assuming you're selling it to the treatment centers?
David: Yes So we have come up with a model where we're charging basically about 1% of treatment cost to have this app in the treatment centers. So it comes out at about $300 per user for the entirety of their treatment.
David: They still pay $299. Per user.
Investor question: And so how long is the product been in market now?
Panel Investor: $299. And so how long is the product been in market now?
David: So we are in pilot mode right now. So we literally just launched
David: Absolutely. So so far, I've put in of my own money about $65,000. And I've grown it to where it is. We have two pilots in place, and we have a very good team. And what we're raising is one and a half million for our seed round. However, we're raising it in milestones. So we're raising half a million dollars in start, $500,000 for the first milestone, which takes us to six months of runway. That first milestone is going to be to rollout in treatment centers in the US. So to get about 20 treatment centers in place with an average of say let's say 50 - 100 patients per treatment center.
Investor question: So why break it down though?
David: So that's actually something that we did because... Off of the advice of our CFO.
Investor question: What's the valuation on this first 500?
David: We're raising it at a pre-money valuation of 5 million.
Investor question: can you just give me a sense of what the treatment center landscape looks like? Is it highly fragmented?
Panel Investor: can you just give me a sense of what the treatment center landscape looks like? Is it highly fragmented? Are there a few... I'm just trying to figure out where can you go and get people in large bunches? Because my concern is that this is a really great idea, and I'm struggling to understand how you're going to get the product in front of enough people to actually make the business side work.
David: So one of the biggest things that happened that benefits us a lot is that there's a lot of mandates now for outcome data. So JCAHO, one of the biggest accreditors of the industry, is now mandating and also N double... Ah, I always stumble with this one.
David: Now it's actually mandated that they have real trackable outcome data. And we're coming in at a time when they truly actually need it.
Investor question: Have you talked to JCAHO?
David: We have not yet, no.
Investor question: How do you get a big enough, how do you get this to scale?
David: Right.
David: So we - and to be completely honest, I like to be transparent. We will have a challenge, obviously, signing up treatment centers but were are on our very core a blockchain based technology and I’m not throwing this out as a buzzword i hate that people do this so much but the reason we're doing this is because all the rampant fraud that happens in the treatment industry. It's disgusting, really.
David: Typically a patient's worth to a treatment center is about anywhere from 30,000 to 60,000 dollars on average. Because that's the cost of treatment. That's about a one month of treatment. And what happens is that... Okay. With all good intentions…
Investor question: What’s the amount they pay for one month?
Panel Investor: I’m sorry. What’s the amount they pay for one month?
David: About $30,000.
Panel Investor: 30?
David: 30 to 60,000.
Panel Investor: 30 to 60,000 for one patient for one month?
David: And that’s cheap. There’s ones in Malibu...
David: Yeah. It’s insane. So in regards to...
David: what’s happening now is that insurance companies are just not paying. They’re saying no. They’re saying we’re not going to pay for this. This is BS. Sorry to use that language. But this is bullshit. We’re not going to pay for this, we’re not going to continue supporting this. So this is kind of a pre-emptive move for treatment centers.
Investor question: So do you need insurance company buy-in to be successful?
David: We don’t in the beginning. But long term, yes. Long term yes, absolutely
Investor question: Do you have any feedback at all on your pilots?
Panel Investor: Do you have any feedback at all on your pilots? Has anybody said... You know, at the end of the day, the deciders aren't you or I, it's the people using it. If I walked in there and tried to take this app away from them now because they've been using it for a month, are they going to say, oh my gosh, don't take away this app, it has revolutionized what we're doing in here. Do you have anything?
David: I think it's too early to say that.
Panel Investor: Well, how long have they been using it?
David: We're still rolling out the pilot. So it's literally still being rolled out. So we don't have feedback yet.
Investor question: So you don't know if your product works?
David: We don't know... Well, I mean, we have been developing this with a very strong team and we know it's going to work. However, obviously, you never really know -
David: - that something's going to work until...
Investor question: Which is it?
Panel Investor: You can't say that. You can't say it's too early, and then say but we know it's going to work. Which is it?
David: Yeah. We're hoping it works.
Investor question: And how long would you need to see a pilot working for?
Panel Investor: No, I got that part. But I mean, it's fair to say that in the very least it would be smart to see if the pilot works. And how long would you need to see a pilot working for?
David: At least three months. For me to feel comfortable that yes, we have something that's extremely solid. Once we have actual feedback from users... I agree with you. I've invested in companies too in the past, and people always have this great idea, but it doesn't really... Until it's actually...
David: And see the... Yeah. And see how it's affecting the efficacy of the entire treatment center. To see it really helping. And we're hoping that it will
