Investor question: How's it going,
Panel Investor: How's it going, Phil? Good to see you.
And a new investor to the show, Jesse Middleton with Flybridge
Phil: All right. Good afternoon, everyone. My name is Philip Barrar. I'm the founder and CEO of Future Money. My generation, millennials, are the first generation to be financially worse off than their parents' generation. Between wage stagnation, inflation, and home affordability, living out the American dream is more difficult than it's ever been before. What's worse, 67 percent of black families, 70 percent of Latino families, don't invest in equities today. So, we're here to help everyone create generational wealth, and Future Money is an investment platform that allows them to do so. When I found out I was going to be a future father, my world changed. I immediately went into the planning phase the way that any entrepreneur would, and I opened up an investment account for my future child the very same day. I knew the power of time and compound interest. A 5, 10, or $15 dollar weekly contribution for the first 18 years of your child's life could be a multi million dollar retirement account for them later on. There's unfortunately no good tax advantage accounts available for minors in this country, until now. After some recent regulatory changes, we invented the Junior Roth IRA to allow anyone to grow their money completely tax free without the need for earned employment income. About myself. I'm a repeat Fintech founder. I previously started the third largest roundup to invest platform globally. I took it from 0 to $65 million exit in five short years, and I acquired a million users on that platform. We're using the same playbook to be able to do it again here in the US market. We went to market in April after getting our SEC approval, and we've onboarded our 1st 500 customers onto the platform in the last 2 months. With that, we've seen a 30 percent conversion rate from download to monetized customer, something that's unheard of in the fintech space. We're now raising a million dollars of financing to be able to onboard our first 25,000 customers and generate a million dollars of annual recurring revenue. So, who wants to join me to help America build generational wealth?
Phil: Thank you.
Phil: Great platform.
Phil: Early Bird is a great platform. We think we're fairly differentiated from what they're doing. We think that there's a great opportunity to embed our Junior Roth IRA product directly into their platform. So they could be a partner down the road, but today we're going direct to consumer with our first B2C product.
Phil: That sounds great.
Investor question: Can you tell us a little bit more about this Junior Roth IRA?
Phil: Yeah, so, January 1st of this year, the Secure Act 2.0 came into effect, effectively allowing $35,000 to rollover from a 529 account to a Roth IRA account. Now, this rollover is a very complex and admin-heavy process that takes multiple years. The accounts have to be open for 15 years. The money has to be aged for five years, and it's typically a five year rollover that happens. We're automating that entire process. So the Junior Roth IRA is a trademarked name for the benefit of a minor plus Roth IRA. So someone else couldn't launch a Roth IRA for kids or a Mini Roth IRA without being competitive. And then the second part is we have a drafted patent around the conversion mechanisms that we'll be using to automate that process as well.
Investor question: The 529, if I understand, is the, essentially the college savings vehicle, right, in the US?
Phil: Correct. So 529 is an investment account that are state run in 48 states across the US that allow for tax advantaged college contributions.
Investor question: And you are saying that as of January 1st this year, you can take $35,000 that has been placed into that program and moved over to a regular Roth IRA?
Phil: Correct, at a $7,000 a year increment - once the users reach the age of majority.
Phil: For five years, correct.
Phil: Only after they reach the age of majority and the accounts have been open for 15 years and that the money's been in the account for five years.
Phil: Correct. So we offer today the Junior Roth IRA, which is the 529 cash and Roth IRA account in one. We offer 529 accounts. We offer traditional brokerage accounts. We also offer IRAs and Roth IRAs.
Investor question: Does that mean my child would not be able to contribute to his or her Roth IRA that year that you do a rollover?
Phil: Correct. So that would count for your contribution for that year. Typically people between the ages of 18 and 25 aren't opening up their Roth IRAs. So starting it early -
Phil: - and having the money.
Phil: Absolutely. And anyone can open up a junior Roth IRA. You don't have to be a minor. So if you're not making income today and you think you'll be making income tomorrow, at whatever point that is, you can use a junior Roth IRA, so homemakers, mothers who are on maternity leave could use something like this as well for their own use.
Investor question: So do the same rules apply as regular Roth IRAs where you can invest in the same things?
Phil: So during the portion in which the child's a minor, those are in those state run programs. They're pretty standard index funds, tracking the S&P 500 mostly. So we are partnered with the John Hancock program to be able to offer that today. And then once the child turns 18, that rollover goes into a Roth IRA and you can invest in anything that a Roth would be allowed for.
Investor question: For folks who have 529s today, for their kids, would you take those on board?
Panel Investor: And your special sauce in this is the sort of singular path, create it, put the money in, not have to think about it again. For folks who have 529s today, for their kids, would you take those on board? Or if somebody has that kid turns the age of majority, they can move $7,000 a year themselves.
Phil: Yeah. So there's definitely a rescue component to locked up 529 money that we're gonna be looking at. But right now, only about 15 percent of the US population has a 529 account, so it's not a huge component for us. The parents that we're talking to don't realize the tax advantages that are there. They discover this product. They trip over our Facebook ads, or our TikTok content, and they say this is a great product. Then they come into our product experience. We have a really simple and easy guided solution to get them started. And the barrier to entry is a 5, 10 or $15 weekly contribution. So it's a very low entry point to have a very massive impact for those users. So we're targeting first time parents.
Investor question: And just sort of like, what's your relationship like with the customer until those assets mature?
Panel Investor: So to deal with like the timing, is the idea that you'll get people in on your own 529 - because I'm just looking at the math, the assets themselves have to mature before you can start to flip them. And just sort of like, what's your relationship like with the customer until those assets mature?
Phil: We manage the investments all the way from point of deposit to the point of withdrawal. We charge a $48 a year annual membership for accounts under $20,000 a year. We charge 25 basis points for accounts over $20,000 a year. So we are very cost effective. If you were to do this yourself, you'd probably spend more time and potentially headaches, potentially do it wrong, than it would to pay $48 a year and have a one hour payback period. If you're a low income family member, we offer a 50 percent discount. If you are making less than $30,000 a year as a family, we offer a 100 percent discount on our service fees.
Investor question: What was unique about it?
Panel Investor: You mentioned running this playbook before. Walk us through a little bit about how you scaled up that roundup investment platform. Sort of what comes - You don't have to give all the secret sauce, but give us like high level playbook. What was unique about it?
Phil: Yeah, absolutely. So with my last company, I started in 2015, we launched the product in 2017. It took us about a million and a half dollars to get that product to market. So we've done this for a fraction of the cost here the second time around. With that last playbook, we used a paid earned and owned model. So we were using TikTok influencers, Meta ads, press and PR to build credibility. We were in the news about once a week and then double sided incentive programs and affiliate models. We saw a blended cost of about $18 per monetized customer on the last platform, and we did that at scale. The acquirer who bought that product continues to be one of the most profitable product lines that they have for the company.
Investor question: What is your marketing plan?
Phil: So we are starting with our paid earned owned marketing channel. We've had some great partnerships with TikTok influencers. We are starting a free investing class for parents so they can learn how to invest and have a special offer at the end of that. We are talking with partnerships with a lot of different baby brands that are interested in doing this, because obviously the best day to get started is the day a child's born or before. We do allow that on the platform as well. And then we are exploring B2B optionality for this. So embedding this product with financial incumbents, thinking about the green lights, financial advisors for managing accounts for families.
Investor question: Are you already talking with those folks or not yet?
Phil: So we have six major incumbents that we're in conversations with. They would like to see between 25 and 50,000 customers on the platform. Although we just had a great pitch with an insurance company yesterday that is interested in exploring further. So, it is early discovery, but we are having those ongoing conversations, yes.
Investor question: But up front you're really kind of competing with - because for the customer it's sort of like, 529 with you or 529 with someone else on the front door, right?
Phil: Correct. But most of our customers don't have 529 accounts, so they see this as the junior Roth IRA and that's the part - so we're, yes, under the hood, it's a 529, but the junior Roth IRA is its own category.
Investor question: What have you not figured out about this business?
Investor question: What have you not figured out about this business?
Panel Investor: What have you not figured out about this business?
[laughter]
The Pitch for FutureMoney will be back after this.
Panel Investor: What have you not figured out about this business?
[laughter]
Phil: B2B is definitely one of them. The future of finance, in my opinion, is multiplayer. Right now, surviving day to day has been more and more difficult. So we are introducing the ability to invest for yourself, the ability to have shared goals and have a goal based functionality. So we think that the entry point to families is through parents investing for their minor children. Eventually, it's going to be adult children taking care of their senior parents or siblings, taking care of each other domestically or internationally. So we are looking at building the one place to manage all aspects of your family's financial life. And this is our entry point into that spot.
Phil: Yes.
Investor question: Are you going to do anything like that?
Panel Investor: And we would all contribute to it. And so if anybody had a financial hardship, they would withdraw and then they would bring it, put it back. Are you going to do anything like that?
Phil: That's a, that's a great concept, and we haven't explored that yet, but we'd definitely be open to it. The way that our shared goals currently work is if you had a couple that were saving for a down payment on a house, you have a shared view of that with two individual investment accounts. When it comes time to withdraw those funds, you withdraw your portion of those contributions back into your own accounts, and then you execute on whatever that purchase is individually.
Phil: Absolutely. So we raised $500,000 on a pitch deck to bring this product live to market. And now that we have our registration and our first paying customers on the platform, we're raising an additional million dollars. Out of that million, we have 750,000 committed at a $7 million safe, and we're looking for an additional $250,000 to be able to close out the rest of this round.
Investor question: And what do you hope to do with this round?
Phil: So 12 to 18 months, acquire 25,000 customers, be able to generate about a million dollars of annual recurring revenue. So we're looking to get initial product market fit in this next 12 to 18 months.
Investor question: What does that business look like to you? Are you the financial institution? Are you a layer across those and maybe underneath all that is, I'm sort of getting it like, who loses? You know, if you're successful, who loses?
Panel Investor: If you're successful at this, fast forward 5 years, 10 years out, you talked a little bit about sort of this is where you manage all your family's assets. What does that business look like to you? Are you a JP Morgan 2.0? Are you the financial institution? Are you a layer across those and maybe underneath all that is, I'm sort of getting it like, who loses? You know, if you're successful, who loses?
Phil: That's a, that's a great question, and I don't think we have enough information today to be able to determine what that, that looks like. I'll mention my philosophy when it comes to building businesses. Build a business you want to own and so will others. So if you focus on good growth, cash flow, profitability, you could spin off cash dividends, you could be acquired, you could go public. There will be exit ramps every single step of the way. We know that there'll be interest from the incumbents. There's probably an opportunity to disrupt the incumbents. Too early to tell, but we have lots of great options, and I think we're building in the right way to get there.
Phil: Correct.
Investor question: So how do you think about marketing in this space and winning that business?
Phil: The trademark definitely helps. Understanding the consumer profile and what matters to them. User experience is definitely there. So that 30 percent conversion rate from download to monetized customer is largely because we have a low cost of acquisition but then we have a great conversion rate because of a great product experience. We're doing things like pre filling things such as social security number automatically, we're pulling that from telco data and credit bureau data. And then we have a great user experience that allows them to visualize where the money is going. So the insights from the previous business, the goal based approach, the great user onboarding all helps us with that.
Investor question: But the onboarding aside, I think even one step above in the funnel, like, what is the messaging that you're using that other people are not?
Phil: Yeah, it's definitely modest deposits today could be life changing for your children in the future. They're worried about home ownership. They're worried about emergency funds. They're worried about, will their children be okay? And this is a peace of mind play. um There are four main competitors in the space that we see. Early bird, obviously, Backer, UNest, and Acorns Early. All of them are focused on short term to medium term goals. No one's focused on this generational wealth building component.
Phil: Thank you.
Phil: I appreciate the compliment. Thank you.
Phil: Absolutely. That'd be great.
Phil: Would love that. Thank you.
