Dhaval: Hey. Dhaval.
Dhaval: So, the story starts with me. I was born with twisted knees, and over the years, I've been on and off crutches. Now one night, a few years ago, I got into bed having left the hallway lights on. But I was too tired to get out of bed, hop on to my crutches, hobble ten feet, turn off the light, hobble back ten feet, and get back into bed. So, I slept with the lights on. The entire night. And woke up in the morning thinking, if someone like me, an engineer, having managed a division at Apple, with 37 patents, if I don't even have smart home tech, who does? 91% of US homes were built before smart homes. Even getting an Alexa means rewriting every wall switch to connect to the internet, and pairing every switch one by one through another app. And this disproportionately affects the 27 million people with limited mobility. Soldiers, older adults, disabled persons. So at Lotus, we've built this.
Dhaval: A patented wearable ring that controls objects at home by pointing. No apps, no rewiring, no internet. Infrared eliminates the need for apps, smartphones, even internet. Today, we can control anything a wall switch controls. Lights, fans, appliances. This is a $335 billion market that's been over 80% untapped, even after a decade. And with Lotus, you can go from home to smart home in seconds. And that combination is really resonating with people. We've got 14 pilots in just 30 days. We're here to raise 2 million to go from prototype to product in production, to build a future where there will be a universe of ring-controllable objects, where any person, younger or older, disabled or not-disabled, can stay at home with autonomy and dignity. This is Lotus.
Dhaval: If I may?
Dhaval: And so these are the rings. This is an existing wall switch.
Dhaval: You can attach a switch cover like this, magnetically.
Dhaval: Step one, you put on the ring. There's a little button up here. And so all you do is that.
Dhaval: Step two, snap on. Step three, point and click. I’ll pass this on.
Investor question: Do you have to charge the ring?
Dhaval: Yeah. So the nice thing about this technology is as opposed to internet of things, you have to be connected to the network all the time, which is why it draws power all the time. With infrared, it's like your TV remote. It's only drawing power for the 50 milliseconds that you push the button.
Dhaval: And so instead of charging it every day like an Apple watch, or every three days like an Oura Ring, you only need to charge once every 90 days.
Dhaval: To rule them all.
Dhaval: Correct.
Dhaval: Correct. So in our pack, we're planning on giving one ring and four switches.
Dhaval: For the same price that you get an Amazon Echo Show today.
Investor question: In your user interviews, what's the perspective on wearing the ring constantly versus making it something that's kind of like a television remote?
Dhaval: To level with you, I originally thought this was a stupid idea. The bar at Apple is does your device deserve to exist? So we interviewed people for nine months. These are detailed interviews. Nine hours long over three days. And we didn't tell them about the idea until the very last hour. And so the first eight hours, we would ask them - what types of devices do you use today? There were three pieces of feedback we got. One, we don't tend to wear watches, and we certainly don't wear it at night. Either because we have to charge it or we take it out, out of habit. Or, and this is true, it gets caught in my significant other's hair. It was a real comment. And so people don't wear it at night, which is a problem because you're in this catch-22 at night. So in a typical situation, either you have to turn off the light switch and then in the dark you're walking to your bed. Or vice versa, where if you get up in the middle of the night to go to the bathroom, you're looking for the light switch in the dark. And for older adults, one third of all falls happen in that situation. So if all the ring did was only do lights and nothing else, we would still eliminate one-third of falls in 33% of older adults. Which is why our - one of our B2B segments is actually senior living because if anyone falls in the facility, they get fined by the state, they get sued by the family, and they dinged on their star rating by CMS, by Medicare and Medicaid, so their reimbursement rates drop. So it's a big problem for them.
Dhaval: Correct. Yeah.
Dhaval: Yep.
Investor question: What do you think is wrong that product?
Dhaval: Too many false positives is the shortest answer. Which is, any noise would set it off.
Dhaval: Any noise.
Dhaval: It doesn't work well. The other problem is it's only for plug-in appliances. The biggest problem with the age tech category's products, is the end user doesn't want them. Nobody wants to use diapers. Nobody wants to wear a life alert. They do it out of need, but nobody wants to. The benefit here is, and we've been told this directly from our end users, they just like it. It gives them more agency, more autonomy, more independence, which is really dignity is all they wanted.
Panel Investor: What can be learned from a company like Oura, right, that has tried this form factor, they've done all right, I think maybe it has tapered off a little bit.
Dhaval: Yeah.
Investor question: What are your lessons learned from a company like that?
Panel Investor: No one here is wearing an Oura Ring. What are your lessons learned from a company like that?
Dhaval: Two or three. Do you have an Oura?
Dhaval: Okay. Couple of lessons. One, I think the hardest problem that Oura's had is that it's a little bit of a vitamin and not a painkiller per se. Because it's preventive health, The second, their price point is really high. And part of the reason for that is going direct to consumer is very, very difficult. There were about 30 other companies that tried doing something similar. Oura is the only survivor. Because all of them tried to go direct to consumer. And so that's why B2B2C is great. It's a one-stop shop that ends up with a lot of consumers.
Investor question: You - coming from Apple, like the big question in a lot of these other spaces is but why couldn't Apple just do this from the watch, right? Why aren't they getting into this space?
Dhaval: Yeah. There's sort of three moats, if you will. Lowest hanging fruit, I'll say table stakes, is just patents. The second is the first mover advantage. You actually want to move into this space early, because those people do not - even when new products come out - they don't change. And the third is the secret sauce, where it's not trivial to figure out the infrared beam intensity that is strong enough to get long range, but not so strong that you get false reflections in the same room. It's not an impossible task, but it's not trivial.
Dhaval: Oh yeah. Which is every room, practically.
Dhaval: Yeah, so I mean, the way to - one way to test it is to basically point in other directions, and if there were reflections it would actually turn the, turn it on.
Investor question: And can you talk a little bit about your 14 pilots?
Dhaval: Yeah
Investor question: What is the nature of them? Are they paying you? Who are they?
Dhaval: So the bulk of them are paid. The largest one is Veterans Affairs. The second is the State of New York. They actually want 10,000 units but we have ten. And so we're really early stage. They're planning on paying for somewhere between 50 and 100 pilot devices, and then they wanna put a pre-order for a hundred - 10,000 units. And then the remaining ones are a combination of disability organizations all throughout the country and senior living organizations all throughout the country. Those are the 14.
Investor question: Or where are you in that process?
Dhaval: So we have one signed customer. Actually, they've even given us a 50% deposit.
Dhaval: And so we have some booked revenue, but primarily we're pre-product, pre-revenue.
Investor question: How much was that for?
Dhaval: This particular customer that I'm talking about, it was 20 units, $300 a pack, so 6 grand. And so they paid us 50% up front, so 3 grand.
Dhaval: Yeah. So we haven't started any pilots yet. Like I said, we have 10 units.
Dhaval: No. So yeah, I should say, they've given us verbal commitments for these. But the clear answer is no pilots have begun. In fact, we don't want them to start for another two months until we have done testing, finished testing all of these ten devices.
Dhaval: Oh got it. Got it. Thank you.
Dhaval: Got it. Okay. Thank you.
Dhaval: Yeah, yeah. Got it. Thank you. I appreciate that feedback. My apologies.
Dhaval: Yeah. Actually, that's the part that concerns me least. That's actually all I did at Apple. And so we have consistent supply chains both here, locally, so the plan is if we're building less than 1000, we'll do here locally.
Dhaval: Then we plan to do either a Mexico or Philippines, and then for 10,000 units or more we do China. And so that's actually - our supply chain right now, timing is about a month and a half.
Investor question: So it's a month and a half to build a full unit from start to finish?
Dhaval: No, no. To go from complete design on paper to end units in hand.
Dhaval: Yeah, it's relatively -
Dhaval: - small.
Investor question: What's the cost profile?
Dhaval: So one unit and four switches, we think we're gonna retail for 270.
Dhaval: At that price point, if we only built a thousand units, our gross margin is 64%. And if we build 10,000 units, which is actually what the State of New York wants, it's 75%. And the higher you go, the more economics of scale you get. Essentially, because we're using old technology in a new way, and we joke about this all the time, it's pretty inexpensive, small and power efficient.
Investor question: So $2 million you're raising, valuation and then what are the milestones you wanna accomplish?
Panel Investor: Can you unpack for a moment the nature of the round. So $2 million you're raising, valuation and then what are the milestones you wanna accomplish?
Dhaval: Yeah. Basically, we want to go from prototype to product in market, so we can - the biggest thing that's holding me back right now, all these customers usually assume that it's ready and available and they wanna buy in bulk, which I can't do. And so the 2 million split breaks down into 1.2 for salaries for 24 months, .5 for the actual builds, meaning the hardware cycles, and then a little bit buffer just time, in case something else happens.
Investor question: Do you have any of that committed already? Are you opening your round now?
Dhaval: Yeah, so - yeah. The total we've raised to date is 425. In this specific round, in just the past couple of weeks, we raised 225k.
Dhaval: That money was an offer that we got. That came in at a 14 million post money valuation cap Having said that, I am flexible on terms.
Dhaval: Thank you.
Investor question: What keeps you up at night as a founder?
Dhaval: Yeah. It's part of the reason I'm here. It's actually all the skills you have that I don't have. And I mean that in a very real way. I actually keep waking up in the middle of the night for that reason. I know the engineering really well. And so, yeah, sure everything's not perfectly figured out, but these are all solvable problems and I've done that for over a decade. The engineering doesn't keep me up. It's where I would say I don't have expertise, so I'm not sort of gifted in sales, like you . Or with marketing, like you . And the hardware and software given your own background, . But those are the skills that I don't have, and I would love to not just get capital, but intellectual capital so I know how to deploy the capital well, most efficiently. And so that's the stuff that keeps me up at night. That and the actual capital where - you know, we've been working together for close to a year. Not doing right by my team does keep me up at night. At some point, if any one of them gets sick, no one's getting paid right now. And so I wanna make sure they can keep their lights on.
Dhaval: Yeah. Yeah I worked on everything from the trackpads on the laptops, to 3D touch on the phones, to then finally managing an organization for wireless charging for iPhone, watch, air pods, and some special projects. So my specialty I would say is sensing, haptics, and power.
Investor question: And do you have cofounders?
Dhaval: No. So it's just me right now. But the founding team, the first engineer, ex-Amazon, ex-Blackberry, he's a PD engineer, mechanical engineer. Our head of disability, she's deaf blind herself. So sales, this person used to actually do biz dev for the New Yorker magazine. For marketing, we actually have a person, Natalie, she's actually a copywriter by trade, and so she's been helping with the marketing. We doubled our team size since we got into Tech Stars. So now we're seven full time people, 12 total.
Investor question: Is there any way to get to meaningful revenue on the 2 million without a big lumpy contract like NYC?
Dhaval: A lot of senior living. So then it would be a trench strategy. Which is basically, you go to each one of the organizations. Like right now, we're working with - one of the partners is United Church homes. It's the second largest senior living organization in the country. And so you pilot with one, then they actually want it everywhere in their own facilities. In fact, for United Church Homes, specifically they want me to come down, live there in person, and actually run the pilot with them in person. Which is great.
Dhaval: Got it. Thank you.
