Julie: ahhh you’re looking for beautiful bars, you’re looking for Instagrammable moments for people like me, and the other 13 million party hosts that are planning large scale events, we love this stuff
Julie: I'm excited to be here. My name's Julie Roth Novack. I'm the CEO and co-founder of PartySlate And after planning events through my digital agency career over the last 20 years, I have found that planning events are stressful, they're challenging, there's a lot of different players. It's inefficient And so I saw pain points on the consumer side, the party hosts that have money. I saw pain points on the event professional side - the hotels, the caterers, the venues. Everyone it takes to produce a large scale event.
Julie: And about eight years ago, I used a website called Houzz. Huge, huge website. I immediately got the concept that they're leveraging these photos to build the brands of these professionals And that's what I needed in the events world
Julie: first of all, you’re looking for ideas. So let’s say I’m planning a big party. All white parties, pink, themes. You’re looking for beautiful bars. You’re looking for Instagrammable moments. If it’s a corporate party, staging and signage for people like me, and the other 13 million party hosts that are planning large scale events, we love this stuff. We have an insatiable appetite we want to raise the bar. And so this is about raising the bar for these events, and connecting with the best local event professionals and venues We don’t want to be a beautiful Yelp. I love Yelp. It’s a great site. We want to be more like a Houzz.
Investor question: So you’ve launched this whole thing?
Julie: We’ve launched two years ago. We have 300,000 photos uploaded to the site to date. We have 4000 event professionals sharing their photos. And we have 150 paying customers. So we were pleasantly surprised that the hotels like it for more than just leads they love it because they can show how they can transform the ballroom. It can be rustic chic, it can be an all-white bar mitzvah, it can be bah blah blah. They want to show someone who doesn't have an imagination, and most of us don't when you see... To be honest, some of the ballrooms are pretty ugly. When you see an ugly ballroom, you can't imagine what it's going to look like. And so on PartySlate we give them that vision
Julie: How we make money - for an elevated presence on the site, I forgot that point, they pay anywhere from 2 to $5,000 to be boosted on the site.
Panel Investor: Per month or per year?
Julie: Per year. So about $275 to $575.
Investor question: Who's they?
Julie: Caterers, venues, event planners, decor companies.
Julie: So it's not transactional. So let's say you're planning a big event It's unlikely that the main event planner, who was planning that event, would go online, see great venues and click buy. It's just, you're going to visit the venue, you're going to meet with an event planner. It goes offline very quickly.
Julie: Exactly
Investor question: what's the revenue now with all this traction?
Julie: So we started selling five months ago. We have two sales people. We have $340,000 sold in the first five months of our monetization
Julie: Sold. Our MRR is 40,000 right now. And our forecasted to be 100,000 by the end of the year
Julie: What I’m really excited about is where starting to do group sales. What I would lightly call enterprise sales. So a large hotel chain in LA, basically for 40 hotels, is paying us $24,000. Wolfgang Puck - it’s good advertising for them - Catering Group bought nine memberships for all of their catering groups. Not even their restaurants or private spaces but for catering. And they get boosted in our Find a Pro Find a Venue.
Panel Investor: So you have 340k in revenue from the year so far this year? Or last year?
Julie: That's all in. So that's five months. Within five months. Because we just launched our sales team in December
Panel Investor: If you were to fast-forward to the time when the business is doing 50, 75 million dollars in revenue, what does the mix look like?
Julie: Of events or pros?
Investor question: Like where the money comes from?
Panel Investor: Oh no, just the revenue mix. Like where the money comes from?
Julie: I believe 25 or 30% is going to come from large scale hotels. So we have people from the big, you know, Four Seasons, and The Ritz, and the Peninsula, and Hilton and others The rest I think will be a mix of the caterers, decor companies, photographers and planners And it's going after these larger scale events.
Investor question: Julie, who are your competitors?
Julie: So the The Knot and Wedding Wire are very mass market and they're great sites. But they say eight out of ten brides come to The Knot, and some of them have small budgets and are doing things do it yourself. And what we're doing is going after people at larger scale budgets, across all party types
Panel Investor: Well, you’re going after the event professional, whereas The Knot is more going after the person getting married, are they not?
Julie: We’re going after... We have two sides of our market too. So we have the event professionals. But then we have more than just the bride and grooms. We have the mitzvah mom, the gala host, the corporate planner. Anyone who has dollars to spend on an event
Investor question: How is this different from Pinterest?
Panel Investor: How is this different from Pinterest? Because everyone I know that goes to events, they just Pinterest and they can collaborate on boards. And you can click through and buy the product from the actual website.
Julie: So for do it yourself, Pinterest is a very good solution. We’re about professional planned parties that have more than three event professionals. They oftentimes have a professional photographer at the event. Pinterest, I use it for my kids, you know, rainbow sleep under. I love using Pinterest for that. That’s great. But when you’re planning a large scale event with over 100 people, the stakes are high and you’re looking for professionals and great ideas, that’s where PartySlate comes in to be
Investor question: And how much are you raising?
Panel Investor: And how much are you raising? At what valuation? What terms?
Julie: So we raised a one million dollar friends and family round about three years ago. Then we raised a pre-seed round of 1.9 million at a 5.5 pre and a 7.4 post. Now we're raising a $3 million seed round at a $10 million valuation
Investor question: How much have you spent?
Panel Investor: Sounds like you’re eating a lot of money too. You’ve eaten a lot of money. How much have you spent?
Julie: We’ve raised $3 million.
Investor question: What’s your burn?
Panel Investor: And it’s almost all gone?
Julie: Yes.
Investor question: What did it go to?
Julie: So the first year was building out the core development team and the platform and launching our Chicago city. and as you know with marketplaces, it’s a grind It takes a little bit of time to build up both sides
Investor question: What's your current burn rate a month?
Julie: Our current burn rate is about 100,000. We have 15 people.
Julie: Yeah. So we have a lot of, you know, we have one customer success, we have an editor, we have a marketing person.
Investor question: Why do you have the editor?
Panel Investor: Why do you have the editor? Because it seems like, that would be something that I would add on later. I would really focus...
Julie: It’s actually driving a lot of our traffic. So the content...
Julie: We feel like we're on to something big. And I'll be honest I am less concerned about valuation and where we're going than getting the right people in the room I want this to be a Houzz scale business globally. I don't think there's any reason why we won't be. We just need the right partner
Investor question: And how are you acquiring consumers?
Julie: The consumers we're acquiring in three main ways. Search engine optimization. So with our 300,000 photos, we are a content marketing machine. So The Knot that's been around for 20 years has about 200,000 photos. In our first two years we've had 300,000 photos And then publicity. So we do these launch events with the celebrity planners. And so doing tons of social media. And then finally we're doing a lot of email marketing. And email marketing is getting people in, bringing people back So it's not a stretch for us.
Investor question: So when you do the email marketing, for example, what's your customer acquisition cost?
Julie: It's about... To get an email address, it's about $1.50. But we're getting clicks through Facebook and others. When we do paid marketing, about five cents. So it's a very low cost of acquisition
Investor question: How much runway will this round give you?
Julie: This will give us 18 to 24 months. And by the end of that, we want to be at $4 million dollars in revenue. And we want to be in 20 cities.
Investor question: So you’re going to earn 4 million revenue in two years?
Panel Investor: So you’re at 300 now. So you’re going to earn 4 million revenue in two years?
Julie: Umhmm...
Julie: Okay. Sorry to hear that
Investor question: Chicago was your first city?
Julie: Chicago was our first. Then LA, Dallas and New York.
Investor question: And when did you launch Chicago?
Julie: We launched Chicago two years ago.
Investor question: And how much revenue are you generating from Chicago right now?
Julie: So we started selling in December. We have about 80 or so clients paying in Chicago.
Investor question: How much revenue is that?
Julie: So it’s about... It’s about...
Julie: The MRR is about $20,000.
Julie: Yes, mainly Chicago, because we started selling there.
Julie: But we have a five month onramp for sales people It really wasn’t until December that we turned on our packages and everything on the platform could actually enable the things that we’re selling.
Julie: Yeah.
Julie: Well, just in Chicago.
Julie: Well we are forecast, and for the US alone, we’ve mapped out a $200 million marketplace. Obviously, everything needs to go right, and it takes some time to get to those cities. But we believe there’s that much marketplace. Our addressable market is about $12 billion dollars. So the amount spent on marketing and sales from the industry So we think the market is huge, we’ve just got to do a lot more on the consumer side, which we know we need to do
Julie: Yeah.
