Harold: we’re using the blockchain in a way that it’s not used or talked about often, and I really think that we’re going to be to do this.
Harold: Hey everybody, my name is Harold Hughes, and I'm the founder and CEO of Bandwagon. But before that, I'm a sports fan. College football, soccer, NBA, anything. And so like many sports fans, I found myself watching the NBA finals this summer, where the Golden State Warriors won their third title in four years. Now, Warriors fans all over the country wish they could have been in that building when they won that title. But with the average ticket price being more than $1700, the hopeful fans really need to find a way to get a bargain. And that's where the problem began. Hundreds of fans were turned away at the gate this year for the NBA finals, because unbeknownst to them they had fake tickets. so we're looking at this as a big problem. So what would you do if I told you that teams and event organizers could eliminate fraud but at the same time elevate the fan experience? Well, today, thanks to our solution, built on the blockchain, they can. So my team, small yet scrappy, is here raising $1.5 million to address the $2.3 billion ticket fraud industry and really reshape what authenticity and validity looks like in the secondary ticket market.
Harold: Correct.
Harold: Correct.
Investor question: What are you saying to them?
Panel Investor: Can you just give me your pitch to a team. You're going to pitch to the Warriors. What are you saying to them?
Harold: I think they're partnered with Ticketmaster. So we'd say, hey you guys are partnered with Ticketmaster and they do 20% of your stadium for as far as helping you get fans into that seat. But actually, a lot of your season ticket holders are re-selling their tickets on platforms like Craigslist, Facebook, all these other platforms. So what we're able to do is give you an API key that allows you to be able to track any time a ticket moves digitally regardless of where it goes outside of the Ticketmaster ecosystem. So what we're doing for the team is giving them more distribution options, but also…
Panel Investor: So wait, I'm sorry to interrupt you, but you lost me there. So if I'm a season ticket holder, and I want to sell my tickets to one game, would I go... I can go to any, independent of the Warriors, I can go to any secondary market and sell it and you're saying while I do that, the Warriors can still track the ticket and make sure it's legit?
Harold: Today they do not.
Investor question: No, but with your technology?
Harold: Yes. With our technology, they'll be able to confirm to that secondary partner that that ticket is still...
Panel Investor: So then the secondary, I'm sorry, the secondary partner, let's say StubHub would have to also be on board and use the API and connect and transmit that information to the Warriors?
Harold: Yes. And so that's the value of our API. So it's a two-way street. For the team, they want to know who's there so that they can help curate the experience, make sure they're confirming that the ticket's valid, and getting that person in and delivering whatever products or services.
Panel Investor: Seems like they wouldn't care as much as StubHub would care?
Harold: Well, it's two way. So it still cuts both ways. But for StubHub on the other side is we're going to give you a certainty validity that this ticket is initially issued at Ticketmaster to this fan.
Harold: Yes. But we have to start with the team, because we've got to get... In tracking any asset, you've got to go to the first creation of it.
Harold: So we have to go to the issuer first. So that's why we have to go to the Warriors or…
Investor question: So where are you now in the product release?
Harold: So our product is live. We rolled out our first customer in May of this year. So we partnered with a university, Sacramento State. The Sacramento State Hornets. We did baseball. They had no idea who was showing up to their baseball games. Their fans were buying tickets from various channels and so we were able to put together a solution that said, now we're able to capture, we captured 48% of their baseball fans in our eight game pilot with them.
Panel Investor: Like, names and numbers and emails?
Harold: First name, last name, email address, gender, socio-economic status, relation to, geographic relation to the team. And then we followed up with a survey to say, aside from watching Sacramento State baseball, what else do you watch? Do you watch Sacramento Kings, do you do football?
Panel Investor: So the data is very valuable to the host*, is that what you're saying? You're guaranteeing who turns up and you're guaranteeing you can communicate, market to them.
Harold: I understand the complexity of the Ticketmaster component. We met with their CTO last week in LA And so we talked about the components and being able to use that in competition with their competitors. So 50 million fans go to college football every year, and that's largely not Ticketmaster. 39 million fans go to minor league baseball, millions go to concerts. And so what we're looking at is being able to aggregate it. The reason that the team or that asset creator cares is because they want to have a piece of that revenue. So if I sell a ticket to I guess the Warriors Cavs game,I think they were like 295 is what the list price was if you bought them from them. But then they were trading for 1700. You're the Warriors or the Cavs, you want some of that revenue. Because we're going to be taking a toll for every time the ticket moves digitally, we're able to do a revenue share.
Harold: Yeah. So the ticket moves from Ticketmaster's ecosystem to StubHub, then for us, our goal is to say, okay, anytime StubHub has to check the confirmation that this is a real ticket, you take 10 cents or 20 cents, you share it with the team.
Investor question: What kind of revenue do you have going through that? How does it look?
Panel Investor: So let's go into that a little more. I like your big data play, and I like what you just said. Because I think that's been the holy grail for that discrepancy between what people really end up paying and what people initially pay. So let's take this example of the one place you have going right now. What kind of revenue do you have going through that? How does it look?
Harold: Yeah, so for our teams we charge a flat rate fee, so an annual license. We start at $25,000 but discounted it for Sacramento State for them to be our pilot customer. But our first technology partner which I don't think I can publicly say, they actually do tickets, they actually manufacture the tickets for teams. We're working with that company so that every one of their physical tickets is now being loaded onto our blockchain. So we have 558,000 tickets already on our blockchain for an MLS soccer team, and we have an NFL team that shares that same stadium.
Investor question: And then tell me how else you make money in that stadium?
Harold: Oh sure. So number one, we charge them an annual fee. Number two, for any ticketing partner that distributes that team's tickets, we charge a per ticket transfer fee, the toll.
Investor question: How much is that?
Harold: Ten cents right now. And then the last fee is any other technology stakeholder wants to help round out that customer profile, we also use that as well. So an example of that is the concessions operator. You're sitting on a hundred hot dogs, it's the fourth quarter, three minutes are left. You don't want to throw them away. You want to try and at least get to zero.
Harold: Yep. So gets a hotdog for $2. But the other thing that we're doing on the front is because we're able to know the demographics of the person before they come to the game, I mean we'd have your socioeconomic status, if you paid $600 for this ticket that normally costs 100, you're probably price insensitive. My background's economics on that. And so now I would say, hey, as soon as you walk in, here's a coupon for you, or here's an app that we're going to have for mobile concessions. So instead of you getting up and spending $10 for a hot dog, missing the game and standing in line, for $12 we'll deliver it to you. And if you're price insensitive, you'll say, yeah, I'll do that.
Investor question: Do you know someone named Fluffy Pony?
Panel Investor: This is going to sound like the weirdest question that’s ever been asked on this show. Do you know someone named Fluffy Pony?
Harold: I definitely do not.
Harold: Yes. I’m familiar with that company. I don’t remember his name in it, but I remember seeing former Ticketfly. The biggest challenge in that is that they are using Ethereum. And other blockchains that don’t have the speed that are able to keep up with the way that tickets are going to be transacted digitally. we’re one of the first partners in IBM's Hyperledger Fabric blockchain using it in a ticketing application. And so that's really unique in the fact that it's going to allow us much more speed than Ethereum or Bitcoin.
Investor question: So you're decoupling it from crypto?
Harold: Yes. We are not using crypto at all.
Harold: We're using the underlying point of blockchain technology, which is distributed ledger.
Investor question: What should an average size stadium bring you in revenue, gross revenue to you?
Panel Investor: What should an average size stadium bring you in revenue, gross revenue to you? Not like, just revenue to your company, not ticket sales.
Harold: We should be able to do $100,000 per stadium that we sign on.
Investor question: What's the breakdown of that?
Harold: to your question, we look at the license going to be somewhere around $50,000 for the larger teams. And so the team that we're talking about professionally, they would pay us a $50,000 license. And then we would do a rev share of how many times that ticket transacts. And so with it being 550,000 tickets for that team, it's another 10 cents per ticket. So $100,000 for that one sports team for that season.
Panel Investor: So you're ready to go right now? Your product's ready? You can just go sell to a hundred stadiums right now?
Harold: Yeah, product's ready. We are raising now and so we have one team that's already loaded their blockchain, their tickets. Another will go on in July. We're redesigning our dashboard. There's an API that we've already built for Ticketmaster customers .
Investor question: How many of them have you talked to? How many have you pitched? And what’s your success rate?
Panel Investor: you’ve mentioned that there are a lot of secondary ticket markets. How many of them have you talked to? How many have you pitched? And what’s your success rate?
Harold: I’ve talked to six.
Harold: We didn’t pitch them to have them sign on. Because for us it makes more sense to get the primaries. The way the ticketing market is is that you have to go to the Ticketmasters, the AEGs, the Live Nation, that whole group before you get to them, because some of them won’t necessarily want you to work with some of the smaller ones. And so we didn’t want to pick a small company and sign them and then go to a big ticket company.
Investor question: What’s Ticketmaster's role in this and how do they participate?
Panel Investor: I’m having trouble understanding that piece of it. So I get that you have to pitch the teams and get them to sign on so that they can authenticate each transfer. And I get that you have to pitch the StubHubs of the world because they’re the platforms that are selling the tickets, and they have the fraud problem. What’s Ticketmaster's role in this and how do they participate?
Harold: Ticketmaster is the largest primary ticket partner.
Investor question: So but what’s their participation?
Harold: So they will have to be partner number one.
Harold: Even if it’s secondary?
Harold: And that's what I was going to ask.
Harold: Okay.
Investor question: How many more stadiums are you going to sign and what does the revenue look like? How fast can you move?
Panel Investor: I’m trying to still establish like, what does 2018 look like for you? How many more stadiums are you going to sign and what does the revenue look like? How fast can you move?
Harold: We’ll sign three more teams, ah three more stadiums, two of them will be NFL, or excuse me, two of them will be professional and then one of them will be a collegiate team.
Investor question: And how much are you raising?
Harold: We're raising 1.5. We have 300,000 committed.
Harold: At 7 and a half.
Investor question: Have you ever thought about cutting that down to a more manageable chunk and just filling it up and getting moving?
Harold: So we have... So we raised... You’re talking about the amount we’re raising?
Harold: So we did a valuation, a convertible note at a $5 million valuation cap last fall. That was before we did our pilot with Sacramento State and got them 48% of the identities. Before we added Orlando Jones as an advisor or Mellie Price as an advisor. Before we had a paying customer.
Panel Investor: no I get that. But you still are 300,000 into a $1.5 million raise. So why do you think it’s not full up or oversubscribed or...?
Harold: Oh we just started that in June. June 1st is when we opened up that round./ /
Investor question: How much runway does that give you?
Harold: Our burn rate now is 16 6. to your point, you know this space and you believe it and you see it and you didn’t get in that last one. If you believe that it’s a winner take all space, then I completely understand you passing. But if you believe there’s going to be a couple of players, we’re using the blockchain in a way that it’s not used or talked about often, and I really think that we’re going to be to do this.
Investor question: You think there can be a couple of players in this space?
Harold: I do. I think there's going to be a couple of players and I think we're going to be one of them.
Harold: Right.
Harold: Okay. And I just want to say one last thing. I assure you, yes, the sales model is tough and challenging. I've sold to Blockbuster and Kodak before they went out of business, we've sold to Facebook...
Investor question: So you're the kiss of death?
Harold: Well, maybe! But I've also sold to Facebook. And we'll be able to do that, we've made every sacrifice to get here and to do this. if there’s anyone who’s going to be able to figure out how to do this, it’s going to be me and my team.
Harold: Because of how we’re doing it.
Harold: Thank you, man.
