Mac: How's it going, Phil?
Panel Investor: How's it going, Phil? Good to see you.
And a new investor to the show, Jesse Middleton with Flybridge
Phil: All right. Good afternoon, everyone. My name is Philip Barrar. I'm the founder and CEO of Future Money. My generation, millennials, are the first generation to be financially worse off than their parents' generation. Between wage stagnation, inflation, and home affordability, living out the American dream is more difficult than it's ever been before. What's worse, 67 percent of black families, 70 percent of Latino families, don't invest in equities today. So, we're here to help everyone create generational wealth, and Future Money is an investment platform that allows them to do so. When I found out I was going to be a future father, my world changed. I immediately went into the planning phase the way that any entrepreneur would, and I opened up an investment account for my future child the very same day. I knew the power of time and compound interest. A 5, 10, or $15 dollar weekly contribution for the first 18 years of your child's life could be a multi million dollar retirement account for them later on. There's unfortunately no good tax advantage accounts available for minors in this country, until now. After some recent regulatory changes, we invented the Junior Roth IRA to allow anyone to grow their money completely tax free without the need for earned employment income. About myself. I'm a repeat Fintech founder. I previously started the third largest roundup to invest platform globally. I took it from 0 to $65 million exit in five short years, and I acquired a million users on that platform. We're using the same playbook to be able to do it again here in the US market. We went to market in April after getting our SEC approval, and we've onboarded our 1st 500 customers onto the platform in the last 2 months. With that, we've seen a 30 percent conversion rate from download to monetized customer, something that's unheard of in the fintech space. We're now raising a million dollars of financing to be able to onboard our first 25,000 customers and generate a million dollars of annual recurring revenue. So, who wants to join me to help America build generational wealth?
Elizabeth: Can you tell us a little bit more about this Junior Roth IRA?
Elizabeth: When you start the rollover process, let's say at age 18, hopefully my child would be working by then. Does that mean my child would not be able to contribute to his or her Roth IRA that year that you do a rollover?
Jesse: Walk us through a little bit about how you scaled up that roundup investment platform. What was unique about it?
Cyan: What is your marketing plan?
Elizabeth: Are you already talking with those folks or not yet?
Cyan: What have you not figured out about this business?
Cyan: What have you not figured out about this business?
Cyan: Are you going to do anything like that?
Elizabeth: Tell us a little bit about your round.
Jesse: Are you the financial institution? Are you a layer across those and maybe underneath all that is, I'm sort of getting it like, who loses?
