Debbie: When do I start?
Investor question: How about now?
Debbie: Okay. Hi, I'm Debbie. I'm CEO of Copper Cow Coffee, where we reimagine Asian beverages for your home, office, and adventure So my mother is from Vietnam. She emigrated here in ’75 as a refugee. And even though I was born and raised in California, I actually ate Vietnamese food exclusively in my house. I actually remember being in college and bringing all my friends home to my mom's house for brunch and people being totally blown away by all of the flavors, especially Vietnamese coffee. And I thought that people would love Vietnamese coffee if it was just presented to them with really, really great ingredients and innovative packaging that fit their lifestyle
Debbie: But I think that retail success is just the beginning because I think the future of Copper Cow is actually really in selling online as well as into offices. Since launching online earlier this year, we've been growing 20% month over month, completely organically. And then we've also launched an office coffee program this summer, and we're already in over 40 offices. So I'm here today to raise $2 million so that we can have Copper Cow Coffee be a household name.
Investor question: You said you made it super convenient?
Debbie: Yeah.
Debbie: So actually, why don't I make you guys some coffee.
Debbie: If you guys are ready for it? Awesome.
Debbie: Thank you.
Debbie: So the way it comes is a portable pour over so it’s just in this handy little packet You open it up and it just fits over your cup. You tear off the top. And…
Investor question: So is pour over, and again, forgive me, because I'm not a coffee drinker, is that unavailable otherwise? Are you the only one doing pour over for in home use?
Debbie: There's a couple other companies who are selling a similar format. This format actually comes… If anybody want to try it black first? Okay. Here you go.
Debbie: It's a little super strength right now.
Debbie: So Vietnamese coffee is kind of known for its strength. The varietal is very caffeinated. This is probably one and a half to two cups of coffee of caffeine.
Panel Investor: So if I’m someone who drinks half a pot of pure espresso in the morning, am I good?
Debbie: Yeah, this would be awesome for you. Yes
Investor question: What is your background?
Debbie: So my background is, I went to Berkeley and MIT and I used to work at the World Bank in supply chain management and project finance. So the...
Investor question: This is your first rodeo in terms of starting a company?
Debbie: Well, actually, I first started about five years ago with a cooking line for you to make Vietnamese food at home. So I did that on the side while I was still at the World Bank. And I got into lots of stores, got into several regions of Whole Foods, Dean and Deluca, a lot of really great stores. But when I would call them and be like, how do I get it to move more? They'd be like, well, it moves great for the category.
Debbie: And I began to learn that only 10% of Americans cook. You know, and I need to meet my consumer where they're at. And I'm not going to convince 90% of Americans to cook by an oil and vinegar line. But I, Vietnamese coffee was always top of mind as a product. Because I had so much, I thought, proof of concept of people really loving an elevated Vietnamese food concept.
Investor question: What percent of your customers are using it just for the coffee versus the Vietnamese coffee?
Panel Investor: And so, and you guys are Vietnamese, so there’s obviously the condensed milk part of it. What percent of your customers are using it just for the coffee versus the Vietnamese coffee? Like the condensed milk add on?
Debbie: Right. So about 60% of Americans drink their coffee with cream and sugar. And we find about 80% of our customers drink it with the condensed milk.
Panel Investor: what's the price point per serving...
Debbie: So it really ranges. So in retail it's pretty high. It's about $2 a cup. And that includes, but that includes the creamer
Investor question: Can you take us through just the numbers quickly? Like what does it cost you? What do you sell it to the retailer for generally speaking?
Panel Investor: Okay. So $2 retail. Can you take us through just the numbers quickly? Like what does it cost you? What do you sell it to the retailer for generally speaking?
Debbie: So we have been selling with a consistent 45% margin for wholesale. Because 80% of our business is still retail because of all the retailers that we're in. Historically it's been a higher margin for ecom, though we're going to kind of reconfigure ecom to be a subscription model where you get months supplies of coffee.
Investor question: And what are hearing from the retailers? How do they feel about how sales are going for this category? Are they reordering? Are you at that point yet with Walmart?
Panel Investor: Makes sense. And what are hearing from the retailers? How do they feel about how sales are going for this category? Are they reordering? Are you at that point yet with Walmart?
Debbie: Yeah. Well, Walmart is selling really well. We're doing about two turns per store per SKU per week. So that's really strong for the price point. And it being a brand new product.
Panel Investor: In the coffee, not the tea?
Debbie: Both.
Panel Investor: Equally?
Debbie: The tea is selling a little bit higher in Walmart.
Debbie: Umm
Investor question: do you have a sense within offices who is drinking your coffee repeatedly? right? Is it the junior account executives who are 28? Is it the C suite? Who is it?
Debbie: So what we find is that people over the age of 35 are not very flexible about trying new coffee drinks. So it’s primarily millennials. Yes. Especially people, the highest conversion is definitely people who have experience with specialty coffee as well as we do have some really diehard umm like fans who know about Vietnamese coffee. But Vietnamese coffee is still a pretty unknown commodity. So...
Investor question: So how do you get people to try it for the first time if they’re not familiar with Vietnamese coffee?
Debbie: Well, one thing is definitely just beautiful branding umm I think it’s, even though Vietnamese coffee, if we say just Vietnamese coffee, I think that does sound a little niche. But the idea of it being like a specialty Asian beverage brand It’s definitely, umm I think, something that people want to try.
Investor question: Do you have a sense in the offices, are people using this as a replacement for K Cup?
Panel Investor: Do you have a sense in the offices, are people using this as a replacement for K Cup? Or just sort of normal filter coffee? Or is this sort of more like a special treat? How does it play out in the office environment?
Debbie: So for our smaller office clients, it's a K Cup replacement what some of our other office clients, like Lyft headquarters carries us, they buy about $3000 of Copper Cow a month, and they have 15 types of coffee, and we're just one of the many exotic coffees that they provide.
Investor question: And so what are you doing in terms of revenue so far?
Debbie: So last year we did 200,000, and this year we're looking to do 800,000.
Investor question: So Debbie, you're raising $2 million, you said, right?
Debbie: Yes.
Debbie: It's a 5.5 pre money valuation.
Investor question: And how much of the 2 million has been committed so far?
Debbie: Um, 1.725
Debbie: I know.
Investor question: Does DripKit, I don’t know about DripKit, do they do pour over coffee?
Investor question: what’s your differentiation from Dripkit?
Debbie: Well, first of it’s definitely the blend. Vietnamese coffee has a very different profile than... They’re definitely highlighting a lot of these really light roast single origin coffees, which honestly are a little unforgiving if you mess up the brew. Our Vietnamese coffee, we’re the first people to be introducing third wave Vietnamese coffee. Historically, this is something that’s actually pretty new. Vietnam’s the second largest coffee producer in the world, but just in the past five years have started to have high end beans. So it’s really awesome to introduce that, it’s really smooth, it’s definitely a really, it’s kind of a wonderful foolproof brew.
Investor question: Can I ask you a slightly different question?
Debbie: Sure.
Panel Investor: Which is, I feel like I'm a big coffee person. I feel like part of what helped the third wave mainstream coffee people is they were a unit. There were four, five, six roasters who were all pioneering together. And I think if you want to add up Blue Bottle, Intelligentsia, all those folks, they collectively lifted each other's boats.
Debbie: Totally. I completely agree.
Investor question: And is that happening in Vietnamese coffee? Or are you sort of the pioneer?
Debbie: No, it's totally happening. In Asia, in general, third wave coffee is really, really exploding Particularly in Vietnam
Debbie: I would say that I'm the only person who's really bringing high end Vietnamese coffee to the US. Because it’s such a new thing. And it's such a new market and there really isn't an awesome super fun millennial focused accessible coffee company.
Investor question: Why do you think that it’s on trend?
Debbie: Umm I definitely think it’s the 3000 retailers. How quickly we’ve been able to get into stores. I mean, it’s not, it’s really not common to be in Walmart and your, to be, we got into Walmart 12 months into business.
Investor question: So what is it about the product that Walmart and these other retailers are attracted to?
Debbie: It’s pour over, definitely. And just that high end coffee in retail space is trending. And a lot of really, these great companies that you’re talking about, Blue Bottle, Intelligentsia, La Colombe, you know, they’re really fixated on either a ready to drink beverage, which is heavy and not shippable, or they’re talking about coffee beans. And so this, so both pour over, as well as it being an elevated Asian brand Asian concepts are really, really hitting well with Asian Americans, which is one of the fastest growing consumption areas in the US
Investor question: What percentage of your current revenue, let's say for 2018, is from online and what's, what percentage from office and what percentage from retail?
Debbie: 80% from retail. 10% from online and 10% from offices.
Investor question: What do you want that to be next year?
Debbie: I would love it be more of a third, third, third
Investor question: What about online? So what's your current customer acquisition cost and what channels are you using?
Debbie: That's the thing, is it's been all organic to date. So we haven't really, and that's one of the things that we're really going to figure out with this funding Because when we launched the product line, we did at the fancy food show with a lot of my contacts that I had in the retail space, and we've just been falling ourselves trying to like meet that demand, when really we would like to focus on direct to consumer, on online And so...
Investor question: How are they finding you currently?
Debbie: They find it in stores and they buy it online.
Debbie: So immediately we want to hire a digital growth marketer, someone who can really execute a lot of the Facebook ads, Google ads, things like that. But right now I’m doing lots of ‘dating’ for a more senior head of brand person, or head of ecom. Someone who is experienced building an ecom brand umm Probably from fashion or cosmetics, based in LA
Investor question: Why is that?
Panel Investor: Charles, what has been your experience, obviously leaving out any competitive details, in terms of the arc of a brand like this? And what Debbie may run into.
Debbie: Totally.
Panel Investor: Yeah, seriously?
Debbie: Or more.
Debbie: And this is something that takes 60 seconds to make and offers really, really great flavor And so this is what I think is really beautiful about a lot of the great ecom companies that I'm trying to aspire to, is that they really maximize kind of price point as well as luxury. And I feel like Copper Cow does that. We're not the most expensive coffee on the market. We're really, really great coffee that's really easy to make that empowers anybody to make their own coffee without having to think about - do I already own a French press? Do I own a Chemex? Do I own a drip coffee maker?
Investor question: But how difficult would it be for Starbucks to offer more pour over options?
Debbie: I would say that the typical consumer that we're going after, is somebody who wants something better than Starbucks. This is much better than Starbucks coffee. It's much higher grade. You'll be able to taste the difference between a Starbucks or our pour over.
Debbie: If you’re familiar with coffee company acquisitions, they’re always quite large.
Debbie: Coffee companies that you haven’t even ever heard of are selling for 300 million.
Debbie: Yes, yes.
Debbie: it's definitely a high end coffee. Like I said, But we're going to, with the subscription model and for offices, we're cheaper than Nespresso. So we're somewhere halfway between a K Cup and a Nespresso pod. So when we talk about market size, I do think that there's a huge market for this price point.
Debbie: Let me ease your troubles. Tell me.
Debbie: And I think that’s something that’s come up with investors a lot. And I think that the rebuttal for that is a couple of things. One is that my background, I’m like in analytics all day. I went to Berkeley, I went to MIT, I was an analyst at the World Bank. Honestly I think my skill set is going to be growing online in an iterative analytical strategy. And even though I haven’t done it before, I know that I’m going to be able to find the right partners to do it and really conquer this space. So I mean, I know that it’s not something that I have necessarily a background in, but I also didn’t have background in food and have like done really well since quitting my job two years ago.
Investor question: What did you learn from that food experience? What was the primary takeaway?
Debbie: The primary takeaway was that I can’t just bootstrap this into national distribution. This is something that really requires specific partners. And the other thing was just that there is such appetite for this type of brand. And there’s nobody else doing something that kind of has this type of... It’s something that’s familiar, it definitely pays homage with the flavor to the things that I grew up loving as an Asian American, but it’s totally elevated and modernized for the American consumer so that everybody can get on board with it
