Bobbie: Hi. I'm Bobbie.
Bobbie: nice to meet you. Canada, hm?
Bobbie: Yeah.
Panel Investor: Where all the nice people live.
Bobbie: Right.
Bobbie: Well, hello. I'm Bobbie, the founder and CEO of Virtual Gurus.
Bobbie: A few years ago I worked in oil and gas just like everybody else in Alberta. And then a few years ago I got laid off just like everybody in Alberta. So when 50,000 administrators were running around town trying to find work, my chances of finding work were very slim. And the bank of mom was getting super super low. So I started looking online and I came across an article that read the gig economy. And I was thinking, holy shit, I could probably do that.
Bobbie: So I looked online started really doing my profiles And next thing you know I had to actually start bidding as low as $2 an hour just to get a simple task. And I was thinking, this is, this is crap. How am I actually going to make a living off of this?
Bobbie: We leverage human assistants via an AI bot and an algorithm. You could actually look for, I want administration, I want sales, social media, general admin. And so then you come in and the algorithm actually matches that person that best suits you.
Bobbie: So all of our virtual assistants are North American and we have over 160 active working ones with 6,000 in our database that have already been pre-vetted. And we've launched two and a half years ago and our current annual recurring revenue is 1.3 million.
Panel Investor: And what do you take of the 1.3?
Bobbie: So right now we're at a almost, we're almost break even.
Bobbie: Yeah. So I'm here raising 300,000 to top off my 1.35 million raise.
Investor question: So is Zirtual like a competitor to you guys?
Bobbie: Similar to Zirtual. Little bit different is that Zirtual provides general admin. We're kind of going that step and beyond. We're more exec admin.
Bobbie: So we realized that one of the disconnects was somebody wants to come in kind of have a remote team. So with us they can build a remote team. So they can say, I want a bookkeeper, I want a realtor assistant and then I want a social, and social media marketing person. And they build the team and that team all runs underneath one subscription model.
Investor question: Like what do you look for?
Panel Investor: You mentioned vetting and qualification. Like what do you look for? Or what do you screen for on that, on the service um provider side?
Bobbie: Um so we, we vet for a few things. We do an interview process, with our people in the office. So we start getting on the call with them. We do do their check on their, their ah backgrounds. Um and then we give them a test task now and we push them through the system. If they can't actually get through our project system, get through the timer, get all of that, we know that they need to go through coaching.
Investor question: But how do you vet that many people?
Panel Investor: But how do you vet that many people? You know, I invested in a company called ideal.com and they literally have AI that sits in front that actually goes through 15,000 resumes.
Bobbie: That's the goal. That is the goal.
Bobbie: Yep. And that is 100% the goal. So…
Bobbie: Manually, talking on the phone, they fill out a separate form. And from there, they go through the Virtual Gurus Academy where they do have to pay for courses um from $30 to $90 a course. Now they don't all go through. We kind of speed track...
Investor question: What am I doing in that course?
Panel Investor: Walk us through those courses. What am I doing in that course?
Bobbie: How to work as a virtual assistant for, like virtual assistant freelancing courses, so...
Bobbie: Yeah. All online stuff. So it's essentially like a Lynda.com but for...
Investor question: How long does it take me to do that course?
Bobbie: Well there's 60 courses in there. So you could do one, two, five...
Investor question: You developed all of them?
Bobbie: Yes we did. Because even some of our competitors have actually been sending people to do or go through our academy. Um so we've had actually Zirtual send a few.
Investor question: What's the most common request you have?
Bobbie: Right now is, kinda surprisingly, real estate assistants, ah medical legal assistants and IT.
Bobbie: Their listings, call, pre-vet their people, set appointments for them...
Investor question: But what do people get paid for that job?
Bobbie: So we charge the client 35 an hour, and then we pay the VA anywhere from 18 - 22 an hour.
Investor question: Generally speaking, how are you, how are you marketing?
Bobbie: Yeah, so that's the thing, we're not marketing right now. It's just been word of mouth by all the articles that have gone out about me being an indigenous person, um, and being a woman-led tech company in Calgary, in Canada. People are like, did you hear about this company?
Bobbie: Yeah. A little bit of marketing. A little bit, a lot of online presence, though. Like, an online presence, social media, we're all over, if you go, I hate to say it, but you go to Google and type in Bobbie Racette, it's pages and pages. Um... So all of that and like Forbes did a thing on us and that stuff really gone and gave us a big oomph, right. We are spending about 2500 on a light ad spend. I'm scared to crank up the taps, because we can't hardly keep up right now.
Bobbie: Thank you. We're pretty much bootstrapped, right.
Bobbie: So I've only done a small raise of 200,000 in 2016 before I launched. So right now, we've been fully bootstrapped.
Investor question: 2 million, you said?
Panel Investor: And what do you, how much, you want to raise 1.2 million, you said?
Bobbie: 1.35 million.
Panel Investor: Okay. At what valuation?
Bobbie: Ah, you're gonna laugh at this. Canadian, you might not. But you might. Um, our valuation's at 3 million.
Bobbie: Ask Betty was fully funded by IRAP, which is in, it's kind of like a government funding for tech. And so that's all good and ready to go.
Investor question: Do you have any other funding non-dilutive coming in?
Panel Investor: Do you have any other funding non-dilutive coming in? Any other stuff from the government?
Bobbie: So we're looking... So IRAP has got us. Western Diversification, we're on the first mailing list to get that once they release it.
Bobbie: Um and so they want to match the million for a million.
Bobbie: Definitely. Um we pre-vet the VAs so then we match them based on the algorithm. And our algorithm matching is out at 95% success rate. With that, the number one thing that actually helps us is they love that our VAs are onshore. Um, a lot of the majority of the companies out there are offshore. Or they're, and I'm saying this in the nicest way, they're not the most quality VAs. So we have a lot of oil and gas workers that have been laid off, we have a lot of single stay at home moms who can't afford to go back to work. And so we have a lot of people that have years of admin experience.
Investor question: So when I compare you to other virtual assistant companies or to Upwork or whatever, you're higher quality? And that's what's setting you apart?
Bobbie: Yep. I would say definitely that's one of the them for sure.
Investor question: What's your biggest challenge right now?
Bobbie: Biggest challenge right now would have to be with dealing with the demand. Um, so we're kind of struggling with keeping up with the amount of inbound sales. So right now we're getting around two to 400 inbound requests.
Bobbie: Yeah. So I only have seven office staff right now ah that are actually the full operations of the whole company. Um so the first thing I want to do is I need to hire a COO. Cos I am currently COO, CTO, CEO, all of it, right. Secondly is I really want to be able to put some more money into the academy.
Investor question: But so are you like, are you technical? Like, did you build some of the platform?
Panel Investor: When you said you're CEO, CTO, COO, I want to dig into that. Because if you're doing all those things, that is really impressive. At the same time, you need to definitely offload some of that. But so are you like, are you technical? Like, did you build some of the platform? Or...
Bobbie: No, I'm more of the visionary behind ah the...
Bobbie: So I'm really, really good at delegating and managing um...
Bobbie: Yeah. Yeah.
Investor question: So how many more people do we have to add in Calgary, which is not that expensive right now, to your company to pick up that slack?
Panel Investor: Okay, so I love when a business can't keep up with demand on sales. So how many more people do we have to add in Calgary, which is not that expensive right now, to your company to pick up that slack?
Bobbie: Um when I close this round, I want to bring on ten. Obviously, I'll do it in staggered, but I want to have the COO first.
Bobbie: Yeah. Because to be honest I'm, I want to keep remaining being the face of the business. And I want to keep being the visionary behind it. Um...
Bobbie: And a COO can help us with that operations, because I'm always traveling, our people are always wanting me out there. I'm getting requests to speak at a lot of stuff and I really just want to remain being the face because that's helped our growth.
Bobbie: Thank you.
Investor question: But how does hiring more people get to them?
Panel Investor: So those seven, eight people you're going to hire, what are they going to be doing to pick up the slack? You have a lot of inbound coming in, you can't get to them. That's what you're saying. But how does hiring more people get to them?
Bobbie: Well, then we can just bring in more that we can manage on the internal side. We do what we call a strategy call with them because we want to feel heard. One of the main issues that we ran into is they didn't feel heard and their VAs weren't listening. So we do a strategy call in the office with them.
Panel Investor: Sorry, with the clients?
Bobbie: With the clients, yeah.
Investor question: Do we need it to build AI over here?
Panel Investor: But is it a physical matching between um company over here in California needs that dialer and mom here, as you said, in Alberta, you, how did you find this mom here when you get 15,000 or 17,000... Like, are we just ignoring so many thousands of resumes because we can't get to them? Do we need it to build AI over here?
Bobbie: We need to. And, and I mean, I'm the first to say, like I mean with the fact that we've been bootstrapped for with only 200,000, I had to kind of pick and choose which were my main things to build...
Panel Investor: But if you could add AI here that could peel through those 17,000 resumes and tell you these would be great, would that be good?
Bobbie: Absolutely.
Investor question: That's what you need?
Bobbie: Yep.
