Julie: ahhh you’re looking for beautiful bars, you’re looking for Instagrammable moments for people like me, and the other 13 million party hosts that are planning large scale events, we love this stuff
Julie: I'm excited to be here. My name's Julie Roth Novack. I'm the CEO and co-founder of PartySlate And after planning events through my digital agency career over the last 20 years, I have found that planning events are stressful, they're challenging, there's a lot of different players. It's inefficient And so I saw pain points on the consumer side, the party hosts that have money. I saw pain points on the event professional side - the hotels, the caterers, the venues. Everyone it takes to produce a large scale event.
Julie: And about eight years ago, I used a website called Houzz. Huge, huge website. I immediately got the concept that they're leveraging these photos to build the brands of these professionals And that's what I needed in the events world
Julie: first of all, you’re looking for ideas. So let’s say I’m planning a big party. All white parties, pink, themes. You’re looking for beautiful bars. You’re looking for Instagrammable moments. If it’s a corporate party, staging and signage for people like me, and the other 13 million party hosts that are planning large scale events, we love this stuff. We have an insatiable appetite we want to raise the bar. And so this is about raising the bar for these events, and connecting with the best local event professionals and venues We don’t want to be a beautiful Yelp. I love Yelp. It’s a great site. We want to be more like a Houzz.
Panel Investor: So you’ve launched this whole thing?
Julie: We’ve launched two years ago. We have 300,000 photos uploaded to the site to date. We have 4000 event professionals sharing their photos. And we have 150 paying customers. So we were pleasantly surprised that the hotels like it for more than just leads they love it because they can show how they can transform the ballroom. It can be rustic chic, it can be an all-white bar mitzvah, it can be bah blah blah. They want to show someone who doesn't have an imagination, and most of us don't when you see... To be honest, some of the ballrooms are pretty ugly. When you see an ugly ballroom, you can't imagine what it's going to look like. And so on PartySlate we give them that vision
Julie: How we make money - for an elevated presence on the site, I forgot that point, they pay anywhere from 2 to $5,000 to be boosted on the site.
Panel Investor: Per month or per year?
Julie: Per year. So about $275 to $575.
Jillian: Who's they?
Julie: Caterers, venues, event planners, decor companies.
Julie: So it's not transactional. So let's say you're planning a big event It's unlikely that the main event planner, who was planning that event, would go online, see great venues and click buy. It's just, you're going to visit the venue, you're going to meet with an event planner. It goes offline very quickly.
Julie: Exactly
Michael: what's the revenue now with all this traction?
Julie: So we started selling five months ago. We have two sales people. We have $340,000 sold in the first five months of our monetization
Julie: Sold. Our MRR is 40,000 right now. And our forecasted to be 100,000 by the end of the year
Julie: What I’m really excited about is where starting to do group sales. What I would lightly call enterprise sales. So a large hotel chain in LA, basically for 40 hotels, is paying us $24,000. Wolfgang Puck - it’s good advertising for them - Catering Group bought nine memberships for all of their catering groups. Not even their restaurants or private spaces but for catering. And they get boosted in our Find a Pro Find a Venue.
Panel Investor: So you have 340k in revenue from the year so far this year? Or last year?
Julie: That's all in. So that's five months. Within five months. Because we just launched our sales team in December
Julie: Of events or pros?
Julie: I believe 25 or 30% is going to come from large scale hotels. So we have people from the big, you know, Four Seasons, and The Ritz, and the Peninsula, and Hilton and others The rest I think will be a mix of the caterers, decor companies, photographers and planners And it's going after these larger scale events.
Panel Investor: Julie, who are your competitors?
Julie: So the The Knot and Wedding Wire are very mass market and they're great sites. But they say eight out of ten brides come to The Knot, and some of them have small budgets and are doing things do it yourself. And what we're doing is going after people at larger scale budgets, across all party types
Panel Investor: Well, you’re going after the event professional, whereas The Knot is more going after the person getting married, are they not?
Julie: We’re going after... We have two sides of our market too. So we have the event professionals. But then we have more than just the bride and grooms. We have the mitzvah mom, the gala host, the corporate planner. Anyone who has dollars to spend on an event
Nicole: How is this different from Pinterest?
Panel Investor: How is this different from Pinterest? Because everyone I know that goes to events, they just Pinterest and they can collaborate on boards. And you can click through and buy the product from the actual website.
Julie: So for do it yourself, Pinterest is a very good solution. We’re about professional planned parties that have more than three event professionals. They oftentimes have a professional photographer at the event. Pinterest, I use it for my kids, you know, rainbow sleep under. I love using Pinterest for that. That’s great. But when you’re planning a large scale event with over 100 people, the stakes are high and you’re looking for professionals and great ideas, that’s where PartySlate comes in to be
Nicole: What terms?
Panel Investor: And how much are you raising? At what valuation? What terms?
Julie: So we raised a one million dollar friends and family round about three years ago. Then we raised a pre-seed round of 1.9 million at a 5.5 pre and a 7.4 post. Now we're raising a $3 million seed round at a $10 million valuation
Michael: How much have you spent?
Panel Investor: Sounds like you’re eating a lot of money too. You’ve eaten a lot of money. How much have you spent?
Julie: We’ve raised $3 million.
Jillian: What’s your burn?
Panel Investor: And it’s almost all gone?
Julie: Yes.
Michael: What did it go to?
Julie: So the first year was building out the core development team and the platform and launching our Chicago city. and as you know with marketplaces, it’s a grind It takes a little bit of time to build up both sides
Michael: What's your current burn rate a month?
Julie: Our current burn rate is about 100,000. We have 15 people.
Julie: Yeah. So we have a lot of, you know, we have one customer success, we have an editor, we have a marketing person.
Jillian: Why do you have the editor?
Panel Investor: Why do you have the editor? Because it seems like, that would be something that I would add on later. I would really focus...
Julie: It’s actually driving a lot of our traffic. So the content...
