Investor question: Did you know that?
Investor question: You represented Mother Teresa, right?
Investor question: So on the commercial side, do you have any signed orders?
Panel Investor: I did know that. You represented Mother Teresa, right?
Panel Investor: So on the commercial side, do you have any signed orders? Or is it just verbal commitments at this point?
Jillian Manus is with Structure Capital. She tends to see the best in every entrepreneur — and encourages them to see it, too.
Mike: How's it going?
Investor question: What's your name?
Mike: Hi, I'm Mike.
Mike: So, I'm Mike, with Shift. I was in the navy for seven years. I was on the bomb squad. I made deployments to Afghanistan and Central America.
Panel Investor: What does the bomb squad mean, they see a potential bomb and you have to go and...
Mike: That is the bomb squad, yes.
Investor question: Were you a marine?
Mike: I was in the navy. So… I was basically a technical expert for some of the world's best military units, I always had this very deep interest in technology. I just didn't know where I would fit or what some of the skills that I learned in the military would translate to the technology industry.
Mike: And I remember sitting across the table from one of the Vice Presidents at Coinbase. And he was telling me, he had just gotten out of the Air Force a few years before that. And as he was talking through how he had translated operations management and program management, some of these things that he did on a daily basis in the military, to something that could actually be of high impact and value at a growth stage company, , and I was like, why didn’t I know about this?
Mike: And this is an opportunity on a scale that was so breathtaking to me that I was almost angry at myself for not knowing that it existed. it was at that moment I realized that there was a ton of potential we could unlock And that’s when I decided to start Shift.
Investor question: Can you explain that more?
Mike: So what we do today is we facilitate internships largely at high-growth technology companies. So we work with recruiting teams, diversity inclusion teams, people operations, to find relevant fits based on people’s experiences in the military, and that’s the core technology that we’re building.
Panel Investor: These are paid internships?
Mike: These are, so this is the interesting twist. These are active duty service members who are in their final couple months of military service, and they’re actually able to jump into companies before they even ever transition out of the military. And so it’s the onramp that didn’t exist when I left the military. and it gives service members a very low risk way to just try something out.
Panel Investor: Paid or unpaid internship?
Mike: So the military still pays their salary.
Mike: That’s correct.
Mike: Thank you.
