David: Hello.
Brad: So I made you some grilled cheese sandwiches.
David: I’m David by the way
David: Also catered your breakfast.
Brad: I'm Brad.
David: David.
David: I got a little story for you guys.
David: 10 ish years ago. I'm sitting with my parents at the Cleveland Clinic. My doctors are like, you're about to go through a really crazy health scare and you can't eat your favorite foods, you can't drink your favorite things. And ended up going through it. I, I realized I wanted to work in food. I quit my job. I moved home and my parents were like, Hey, we're, it was July 4th. Usually I was gonna be with friends. They're like, we're going a barbecue. And I get there and I see this guy I’ve never met before, barbecuing. I'm like, I'm gonna go talk to him. I get introduced to him from the person whose house we were at.
Brad: So the guys whose house we're at. His name is Bart. And Bart was a franchisee of a brand that I co-founded called Blaze Pizza. And he's like, oh, you cook, man the grill? And I was like, I'll gladly. 'cause the temperature he had was so low that there wasn't gonna be good food. And then David gets introduced to me and he is like, hi, I'm David. And Bart's like, oh, David is a, um, he likes food too. I'm like, okay, I guess we should talk about food then. I'm like, what do you do? And he is like, oh, I'm in the food world. And I’m like, do you have a, do you have a job? Do you have a business? And he is like. No, he probably should have said, I'm a millennial. Like I don't really, I do everything. I just make money and somehow I survive.
Brad: I'm an influencer. But what was so interesting about that encounter is I just know from life when I see the makings of a successful person and it's someone like that, that just is like, I don't really have a plan, but I know where I want to go. He wanted to be in the food business. I was in the food business. I was successful in the food business. I was thinking to myself, this is someone I need to partner with one day. And we stayed in touch for nine-ish years until I developed the foundation for this product, which is a gluten-free wheat starch based flour that we also make into things like baked goods, bagels, sourdough breads. And David is our champion.
David: So when we first started, this was 2022, the middle of 2022. I was like, look, we, we really need to share this with people because we thought we built the flour. We really realized in COVID chefs didn't have the time to bake. They were gonna laugh me outta the kitchen if I ever walked in there. They wanted something they could just put on the menu being gluten-free specifically. So I was like, Brad, those bagels that you made for me, let's just share those with people. Let's let them see what they can make with this flour. If they buy our flour, great. If they buy the bagels, even better. And we shared it with someone who shared it with someone in New York, and I get a phone call, and it's, Hey, my name is Chris. And I'm like, Hey Chris. And he's like, I'm the owner of Tompkins Square Bagels. And I'm like, oh, okay. Like that's, I think big time. So I'm like, one second, let me call my partner. I call Brad and I'm like, Brad, Chris from Tompkins Square Bagels wants our bagels. Like, what do we do?
Brad: So David, what I love about him is he was so naive about the bagel world that he didn't know that he was talking to my most favorite New York City bagel shop. And he's like, do you -
Brad: Have you, have you heard, have you heard of Tompkins Square Bagel? I'm like, yeah, we're going to go there. But nobody else.
David: In the beginning of the beginning of 23, we launched with Tompkins. A week and a half later, if you're from New York, I get a call from Black Seed Bagels.
Brad: And he says the same thing, have you heard of Black Seed Bagels? I'm like, yes.
David: Yeah One thing led to another, we started selling to them. Meanwhile, our bakery is in LA. So we are currently baking everything out of our LA facility and when that started happening, something happened to me. I'm like, I think I need to be in New York. New York's the mecca of bagels, where we started and I basically put myself on a Citi bike for about three months with bagels on every side. I'm sure I rode by you
David: Yeah, yeah, probably. And I went to every single bagel shop. The ones that didn't even serve gluten-free in the past. Russ and Daughters, Utopia Bagels. Leon's Bagels, pretty much all of them.
Brad: Ess-a
David: Ess-a Bagel.
Brad: we're in all those shops.
David: So now what we've done is we focused a hundred percent on food service across the country, not just New York and LA. I think before gluten-free was not a fad or a trend, but it wasn't something that people talked about. And I think more and more people are now understanding the food that they're eating. And it's really important to understand what you're putting in your body. I'm pretty positive the reason what I went through is, was all the glyphosates that are in the food system. So what we're doing is a hundred percent glyphosate free. If you're not familiar with glyphosates, it's Roundup, which, if you go to Europe for example, you can eat whatever you want. You don't get a stomachache, you don't feel that bloatey-ness, you come back home, you eat a bagel, it tastes amazing when you first eat it, which it always does. And then you just get that stomach ache feeling, which never goes away. And that's what glyphosates are.
Brad: And there's one way that you can combat that. And that's with long fermentation, which, sourdough in the US, people can digest that pretty easily. But sourdough made with glyphosate free product that's gluten-free, even easier to digest. So our product is not created for gluten-free people. It's created for everyone
David: And with this product, which I believe you, three of you tried, I don't know if you, Elizabeth, you tried
David: Well, you've got grilled cheese if you want.
Panel Investor: Can we, are we allowed to try?
David: Yeah yeah, yes, yes, yes
Brad: Of course. No that, that, that’s all plastic, no, that's real food
David: So yes, we want to be the gluten-free option in all these places, but what we've been building is, we're gonna be in some places that can serve this bagel and or gluten-free sourdough. And probably if I didn't tell you it was gluten-free, you would have no idea. And that's something that when I see this reaction, I was told I couldn't eat this stuff.
Brad: Why would you care if it's gluten-free or glutinous? It's just good bread
David: So with the flour that Brad created, we started with bagels. We're now able to do sliced sourdough bread, and we have so many opportunities in other spaces, but our space in LA is about 1500 square feet. We're shipping everything across the country right now. We just got some major distribution, so we're looking to obviously build upon that. We've built a very small team, and we've also become profitable in the last year doing so as well.
David: Thank you.
Jesse: Are you still in the flour business?
Panel Investor: So. Are you still in the flour business?
David: It's a funny question.
Panel Investor: Or only bread?
David: Like 90-
Brad: To some extent
David: 98% of our sales are, are bread sales. I still think there's gonna be some opportunity with flour. But what we've realized is the volumes and the margins are just so much better in frozen goods.
David: And baked goods specifically, So that's where we think the business is gonna continue to grow. But I still have like dreams of people using it. So we'll see.
Brad: And I love having moats.
David: Yeah.
Brad: Because I come from the food space, for, both as a restaurateur. I've owned restaurants. I co-founded and had a very successful exit with, with a restaurant brand that grew internationally. And I understand distribution, I understand manufacturing, I understand restaurant needs. I also understand proprietary stuff. So from the very beginning, this thing was designed to be something that's really hard to unlock if you're trying to reverse engineer it.
Panel Investor: Actually, can you talk a little bit about that?
Brad: Sure.
Panel Investor: Like what is sort of the insight that you think many people have missed with gluten-free bread?
David: Good question.
Brad: Well I just had to rebuild gluten. So that's where I focused my attention, was how do I get the texture, how do I get the chew, how do I get the gloss on the outside of the bread like a bagel? So I started this by developing the, what I thought to be the world's best bagel, which is really what I was start, wanting to do in life as, as someone like my ancestors came across from Europe I wanted to recreate the bagels that they had when they came into this country. And that's, that was the bagel I created as my gold standard, made with gluten to make a gluten-free bagel that performed like that. And I don't think that's how food scientists typically develop gluten-free products.
Brad: I think they're saying, how do I make a round bread that goes through a piece of equipment and is efficient
David: It looks like a bagel, but doesn't taste like one.
David: And you can feel it too, like the bagel is one of the hardest things to make.
David: We get asked all the time like, can you do burger buns? Can you do this? But we wanted to start with the bagel first because it just hasn't been done the right way. And I was struggling to enjoy this for the last 10 ish, 12 ish years.
Brad: Yeah.
David: Until Brad made it for me and I had no idea it was gluten-free and I just kept eating them and I still do almost every single day. and it's something we're really happy about to be able to share the other products.
Brad: But food should never be a compromise. Gluten free shouldn't be a compromise, and life shouldn't be a compromise…
Brad: Up til a few months ago
David: Up til a few months ago
Brad: once we had some, we have so much distribution now that we don't even know who most of our customers are
David: Some places are pulling it, but everything right now is, 99% of it is food service
David: We do private label for grocery
David: The reason behind that is I previously had an ice cream business that was strictly just in retail. And to really build a, a profitable business, you really need some sort of foundation from volume. And volume obviously comes from private label as well. So we have that to kind of support building our brand in food service, right?
Brad: Yeah. So we're Erewhon, that was our first customer was Erewhon Market. So we're co-branded with them.
Brad: Thank you.
Brad: Very first. And that's why we're in the bagel business.
Brad: And it's the only co-branded product I've ever seen in their store. Everything is either Erewhon label or someone else's brand. But this is the one that they're willing to put our name on
David: It had their name on it.
Panel Investor: And how did you get that deal?
David: So, I, I knew them from selling ice cream, and this is where it came in. I was like, Brad, we can share them the flour. It's in the middle of COVID. They're not gonna make anything with the flour for months if we're lucky. And I'm like, bake me 40 bagels. I'm gonna bring them breakfast just like I did for everyone outside. They responded saying, can you make this for us? And I'm like you can't say no to that.
Brad: Yeah.
David: So we start with them.
Dawn: Do you get Hailey Bieber to do the smoothie?
David: I don't know about that. I mean, it's, it's been great working with them, but that kind of gave us a credibility to start going to other people. We're now also providing Wild Grain, if you're familiar with Wild Grain.
David: We're now their gluten-free bagel supplier.
Brad: Yeah. Truckload supplier.
David: And about two weeks we'll be supplying all their sourdough products.
Panel Investor: So I guess, good segue into customers and that distribution volume, what level are you doing right now?
David: So the first year sales, which was 2023, we did about 660,000. Last year we did 1.6, and we're on track right now to do about three and a half. So every year, almost two or three X’ing.
Brad: And we're outta space now.
Brad: We didn’t plan to be in bagels, we didn't plan to be this big, and now we didn't plan for this demand, but now we see there's more demand than we can supply.
David: Yeah.
Dawn: Can you like zoom out three to five years from now?
Dawn: Can you like zoom out three to five years from now?
Panel Investor: Can you like zoom out three to five years from now? Like what's the vision?
The big bagel vision, after this.
Panel Investor: Can you like zoom out three to five years from now? Like what's the vision?
David: Distribution is most important and paramount with this. And in three to five years from now, we'll gonna have the distribution to be able to not just have bagels, not just have buns, but have sliced sourdough bread products. And we wanna meet the customer where they are. So whether it is in an Erewhon, whether it's at a grocery store, whether it's in Wild Grain, whether it's a local bagel shop, like, we're not in every single state right now. Getting the distribution we're about to get, which is DOT foods. They basically supply, if you're in New York, all the chef's warehouse locations, all of Baldor, getting into that is something that's very difficult.
Brad: So they distribute to the distributors. So this is where like, I'm like, I know this, this nonsense and you’ve gotta get into DOT to get big.
David: And something that we did, when I was first doing this, I actually befriended someone who was, built out the food service team for Oatly. I loved what Oatly did, being the option wherever you go, whether you're dairy free or you're not. We ended up hiring him. I don't know how we did, but we figured it out about a year ago.
David: He loves, yeah.
David: Yeah. So we brought him on and that's kind of where we see in the next three to five years. All the cruise ships, all the hotels.
David: And we obviously need the distribution and the manufacturing to get there. We haven't touched that, but the North Star, when Brad and I were like sitting like this-
Brad: This was my North Star
David: This is his North Star.
Brad: My North Star is, you know, when you go to Starbucks and you have one of the world's worst bagels on the planet, we go, why? How's that possible? How can they do that? How dare they, they have got the capabilities to do good stuff. If they served our bagel, which is better than the glutinous bagel they're selling, maybe they could just switch all of their products to gluten-free and then they don't have to worry about cross-contamination.
Brad: So I foresee a day when we become someone like Starbucks supplier of either the flour or maybe perhaps all their baked goods.
David: Yep
Brad: Maybe the whole world goes that way.
Elizabeth: What are your, uh, cogs on this?
Panel Investor: Mm-hmm. What are your, uh, cogs on this?
David: Yeah. So right now, and, and keep in mind we're shipping everything LTL
David: From our facility in LA, about 70% of sales are going to the East Coast every single week. Right now, margins with everything included are about 37%. Once we get into DOT foods, which will be happening in the next two weeks, DOT foods will be picking up by us, by the truckload, it goes to about 44%. We think it can get closer to 50, but at some point, we're gonna have to drop our price a little bit just to be able to get to these places that we're currently not in.
Dawn: Can you talk about your retail pricing versus the competitors?
David: Yeah, that's a good question. So from a gluten-free perspective, because of the premium ingredients we're using, which we're never gonna, we, we don't cut corners like in anything, we're probably always gonna be 10 to 15% more premium than everyone else. But what we've noticed, it's really interesting, is bagel shops that used to serve competitors, our bagels, we sell right now, on average, $1.50. they're selling at about a dollar 10, a dollar 20. once we bring in our product, their sales double or triple pretty quickly.
Brad: In the restaurant
David: In the restaurant
Brad: In the restaurant. I'm not talking about their gluten free
David: Not their gluten free sales in general.
Brad: They have more customers.
Brad: and kosher.
David: And kosher, OU kosher, which is important. But what we're noticing is Customers now are willing to pay more, understanding that they're just gonna feel better regardless if you're gluten-free or not.
Charles: What's the current team makeup?
David: Yeah, so it's Brad, myself. We have one other co-founder, Ethan who’s my childhood best friend.
David: He actually designed this. Um
Brad: That's his job.
David: as I mentioned, we brought on Michael Orlowski, who leads our sales team. On top of that, we brought on Daniel Ceballos Diaz. He actually came from Juice Press.
Brad: He's amazing. Yeah.
Dawn: What are you raising?
David: That’s a good question
Dawn: What are you thinking about?
David: That's a good question. So we're raising right now a total of a million. We have about half of that already committed. That's helping to open up the secondary facility we have, as well as facilitate the growth that we have with DOT. eventually in the next end of this year and beginning of next, we're gonna need to bring on more salespeople. and then eventually help from marketing as well. 'cause we haven't really done any of that to be honest with you.
David: Yeah.
Jesse: What volume will that enable you to get to?
David: Yeah. This year, we'll probably end up at about 3.5 to 4. DOT will obviously allow us to, any single distributor across the United States, regardless how big or small. We think as we continue to scale next year, we'll get close to 10. The year after that about uh, 25.
Panel Investor: And, and who do you look up to in the industry? What, what brand has done this well, wholesale, maybe even in baked goods but a different category, but like sort of when you look out five years out.
David: Yeah, they did very well. I mean, that's one of them. Oatly I think what they did with building out being that option, whether you love the product or not, you have to give them credit. that's one of them.
Brad: And then there's the big food service, like Rich's would be amazing.
David: Rich's is another one. Yeah. At the end of the day, we're gonna see if we stay in food service, which is what we're doing in private label, if we do end up doing retail, we'll see. It's not really our focus right now. We intend to do private label for grocery to really understand how that's going to work, which, that will start next year. We already have plans and orders to get that started, we just needed the secondary facility to get opened.
Elizabeth: What are the terms on this round?
David: Yeah, so it's on a safe note at a 9 million post.
Dawn: What's keeping you up at night?
David: I mean, honestly and this is about to get solved with DOT, because we ship LTL, it's really out of our control.
David: So having, just making sure the product gets to the right place at the right time not getting paid on time, which is gonna get solved with DOT foods. at the end of the day, like we built a team in LA and our baking team, making sure that they're okay, honestly. I think it's really special that we get to support these people.
Brad: Yeah. We have like , no turnover. So I think that
David: In two years we haven't had any turnover.
Brad: I, I used to keep, be up at night worried about like is someone gonna get a, a hair in their bagel, or are they gonna complain that it's dense or we have an inconsistent pack, or, no, not with our team.
David: To be honest, I'm just happy I get to do this. Like I think with other things, I mean, I have a wedding
Brad: He's gotten on planes with dry ice.
David: To give a story. When we launched with Black Seed Bagels, it was New Year's of 2023 and the product didn't get there on time. I'm living in Mexico City at this point. My wife is from there. And I get a call at 10:00 AM from Rob who's head of operations being like the bagels didn't arrive. And he's like, can you get it here next week? I'm like, Rob, I, my wife’s listening on the phone, she luckily supports me with all this. I book a flight. I go to our facility, I pick up bagels in LA. I then fly to New York and I get the next -
David: Oh dude. I give them bagels all the time. I give them bagels every time because I, I fly now with Delta and I picked one airline, and whenever I'm over weight, I just give 'em bagels. And they don’t charge me!
David: So, Well, that's the, that's the goal, that we, we've started having conversations with them. It's all, it just comes back to like our facility. We have to be really careful with who we want to target. Um, it's kind of funny 'cause like Michael wants to just like rock and roll with all these people, with the connections he has from Oatly. We just need to be careful with what we could actually supply and we don't wanna over promise and not be able to deliver. So we've narrowed down a facility in New York that we're planning to open up the end of this year with these funds. That can help us scale to that secondary and third and fourth year.
David: Yeah.
David: Yeah.
David: Yeah.
Brad: We, we dry blend our own flour
Brad: And we make our own bagels. So there's IP not only on our ingredient sourcing, but then how we blend the dry mix and then we convert the dry mix ourselves into the baked goods. So that's also a process. So there's three levels.
David: It’s a good question. At some point, yes, but the problem, and it's going to get fixed at some point, is because our product is made from wheat, even though it's a hundred percent gluten free, you can't give this to a co-packer.
David: Because it's an allergen. So what we're looking at, the opportunities, is these larger co-packers wanna start bringing in one or two companies to work with instead of working with five or six or seven. And at that point, we would then be able to be that. So we've had conversations with a few people. We're not there yet. We don't need to give that up yet, but at some point, obviously that's kind of where we think it will go. Having control of the facility and the people is something that's very different, instead of just giving this to a co-packer where they just need to make volume and that's it. Every single bagel, you feel the love, you feel the joy, you feel the passion, and that's something you can't really replicate in other places.
Charles: What are you guys looking for beyond capital?
David: Yeah, that's a good question.
Brad: I, I, I love when there's more than capital, when there's somebody that's actually a champion for the product, knows people, has some really good contacts that can help us
David: For, for me and for us, like with everything we do, we just wanna surround ourselves with the, the smartest people. Even if you're not in food. Or manufacturing or beverage.
Brad: Everybody eats so everyone's gotta know someone that eats.
David: Yeah. Honestly, it's true. It's true.
David: Honestly. Everyone knows someone, whether they, their son or daughter or a friend from high school or college is now celiac or gluten free.
David: Of course, I love what, I love what she built, and that's something that's not changing.
David: Yeah.
David: Yeah
David: No no no, don’t say that. I wouldn’t say that.
