Investor question: What makes a good business?
Investor question: What sort of data do you have on that?
Panel Investor: Okay, what makes a good business? Not just a mission. Not what makes a good mission. What makes a good business?
Panel Investor: You need data to say that people do sit and play this for three hours or whatever it is. What sort of data do you have on that?
Howie Diamond founded the VC firm, Ranch Ventures. He invests in people as much as their startups — if he can believe in them, he’ll believe in their company.
Meghan: I'm Meghan.
Alex: And I'm Alexandra.
Meghan: And we're the co-founders of TuckrBox, the first farm-to-lunchbox meal delivery and food education app for kids. So one of the biggest problems that we face in this country today all starts with what we send our kids to school with in their lunchboxes. I'm talking about the peanut butter and jelly, the sugary yogurts, the juice boxes. One in three American children are obese. One in five will develop an obesity-related disease. And all of this really stems from the fact that they're not learning healthy eating habits in their childhood to feed themselves well as adults.
Alex: And I think the big problem there isn't that it's a problem for kids, it's that it's an issue for families. So parents are already spending over 700 hours every year buying foods and prepping foods for their kids. It's time consuming. It's challenging. How do you balance creating a nutritional diet against picky eating habits? So we really asked ourselves, how can we create a healthier generation through food and technology? And for us, the answer is obvious. It's putting kids in the driver's seat and seeing them as active eaters.
Investor question: What are your guys' backgrounds?
Meghan: So my background is in advertising and design. I worked on lots of different tech and Fortune 500 companies as an art director for six years in New York City at big agencies.
Alex: And I kind of come from a different world than Meg does. So my background was in urban planning, and I spent a long time doing food systems works. All of the last, especially five years of my life, have been looking at how our food system is broken and the different inroads that we have to change it.
Alex: On the TuckrBox app, kids go online, and they get to choose their own lunches every week. They're healthy and they're kid-centric. And then they're also able to go and play and learn about food in a way that's fun. Plus, all of those meals get delivered right to their homes, which is convenient for parents.
Meghan: We're raising $800,000 to build out the rest of our app -- to develop our food menu, and to launch our beta back in New York.
Investor question: So you haven't launched yet?
Meghan: Not yet.
Investor question: What's the age group that you're looking at targeting?
Meghan: So we're targeting elementary school kids. That ranges all the way from pre-K to sixth grade.
Investor question: So are you selling to parents? Or are you selling to kids? Or are you selling to both?
Panel Investor: Yeah, so that's what I was going to say. Like, are they going to have phones? An elementary, kindergarten kid is not going to have a phone. So are you selling to parents? Or are you selling to kids? Or are you selling to both?
Alex: Well, generally we're selling to both, because any sort of economic decision isn't being made by a child. So the point is, you're first marketing it to the parent. Especially in urban centers, where both people are working, it's more and more difficult for parents to navigate their daily lives, and also making healthy lunches for kids.
Meghan: If we were making a persona of the target child, it would be seven or eight years old. Because we think that's when they're developing these habits that they take with them
Investor question: How often will you do deliveries?
Alex: So right now, we're looking at doing deliveries twice a week. There will be a Sunday delivery for the first half of the week, and then we're toying with either a Tuesday or Wednesday delivery for the second half of the week.
Panel Investor: So if you only do two drop-offs a week, how are you going to keep these foods fresh? You have a Sunday meal and how are you going to keep that, which is prepared usually probably on Saturday, and then the child's going to be able to eat it on Wednesday?
Alex: Yeah. I mean, if I'm completely honest with you, basically our R&D is around a lot of how do you create fun and interesting cold leftovers. Right now we've been testing a couple of different things with a chef that I know through Blue Hill. And she's been working with us basically to develop cold burgers, cold veggie burgers. Things that will hold up in their own right.
Panel Investor: That kids will really like to eat?
Meghan: Yeah, she has a daughter, and her kid is just, like, loving this food. So we're kid-testing all of our food.
Alex: So I think of couple of things. One, I don't think kids are necessarily making the connection with how old it is.
Alex: Yeah. And I mean I think that's part of the recipe development that we're working on right now. So we have the chef who is creating these recipes for us now. And they're going to be working with us to look at them and say, okay, yes, you created that, that's nutritionally balanced, what will that look like in a couple of days? So you're completely correct; there's a lot of testing that needs to be done around that. I don't think that that is something that’s insurmountable.
Investor question: What?
Panel Investor: What? Well, you know what, every kid is picky.
Alex: That's exactly the problem, for sure.
Alex: And it's very time consuming.
Investor question: $10 a month?
Investor question: Is there a business to be had around that?
Investor question: So what kind of, can you give us an example of what the meals are?
Panel Investor: Yeah?
Panel Investor: And you would invest in the company?
Panel Investor: So that's the thing. Is there a business to be had around that?
Before the investors can get too far off course, imagining some alternative recipe generating app, Howie steers the conversation back to what TuckrBox is actually trying to do - deliver healthy lunches for kids.
Panel Investor: So what kind of, can you give us an example of what the meals are? I don't think we've talked about that.
Meghan: Yeah, sure. So this part really excites me. Like I said we are really trying to be very kid-centric. So it's not about, for me, reinventing kids food. If kids love mac'n'cheese, why can't we give them a mac'n'cheese that they can feel inspired by and make it out of quinoa and call it a surfer's quinoa mac'n'cheese.
Alex: So one of the big things that we've been working around is themes. And so right now we're working with this idea of like a picnic party lunch. We're experimenting both with a veggie burger for a non-meat option, and a turkey and kale burger for a meat option. All of our meals have an entree, a healthy side and a healthy dessert. It's not giving kids things that they don't want to eat. It's reimagining the foods that they already want and creating things that they're excited about, that they look at the pictures of and they say, okay, that looks like something I've had before. And it's introducing them to new ingredients like that. Saying, like, here's this thing that you know and recognize, and then the next time you get it maybe you notice, oh, that's weird, I didn't know I liked butternut squash, or I didn't know I liked beans, or I didn't know I liked whatever. For us, it's about creating those kinds of things.
Investor question: What's the price point?
Panel Investor: Yeah.
Maybe it’s just that we’re getting close to lunchtime, but the investors sound like they could go for a Tuckrbox right about now — which could be promising for Meghan and Alex.
But it’s one thing to sell investors on the food. Can they also sell them on the business?
Alex: $13 lunch. $65 a week.
Investor question: $13 a lunch?
Meghan: Yeah. I'd love to talk about it a little bit. So, the average school lunch, packed lunch is between $6 and $7. The reason that TuckrBox is far more quality and it's a nutritiously-balanced chef-prepared meal delivered straight to your door. Parents are spending, on average, in New York City, for instance, $15 on similar products like Maple, Munchery…
Meghan: We're starting at $13. We're working with driving that cost down as we scale.
Investor question: What's your cost?
Alex: Our cost is about, our cost is about $11 to $11.50 right now.
Panel Investor: For a box of food? Can you break that cost down even more? So the food...?
Alex: Sure. About 20% of the cost right now is food. Really, the largest flexibility and one of our biggest costs right now is shipping. Our target demographic is people who are in homes that are earning $150,000 plus a year. They are people that we have seen are already spending this kind of money not only on themselves, but on things like classes for their kids. So there are definitely people who are willing to spend this money for their kids.
Panel Investor: Doesn't that severely limit your total addressable market when you just focus on $150k annual households?
Meghan: That's actually a common misconception, though. Because there are lots of kids, you know, one out of three kids and one out of five developing obesity-related disease actually has nothing to do with socioeconomic -- it’s...
Panel Investor: I'm going to challenge you on that. We do a lot of studies around that, I have, or my foundation has. And that's one of the biggest problems. Because fast foods are so easy and they're so cheap.
Just a quick note — Meghan is saying that many kids who are obese actually are not low-income. And she's right. The CDC reports that about 60% of obese children in the U.S. live above the poverty level.
But to Jillian's point, low income children are far more likely to be obese than their higher income counterparts. This is important because the founders began the pitch saying they wanted TuckrBox to help solve the problem of childhood obesity. But if their service is geared only towards families making over six figures a year, are they really addressing that problem?
Meghan: This price that we came up with, it's not like it came out of anywhere. So we did a lot of research and surveys of parents, and we had parents telling us that they would pay upwards of $15, $16 a meal in New York City for this.
Meghan: And definitely. We definitely strive to get there and make a bigger impact in that way. I think getting into the schools and teaching kids hands on and being able to influence them more and more. I just was at Brooklyn Grange last week, which is a rooftop farm in New York, and we can envision taking kids on field trips up there, and showing them how you can live in an urban setting or a suburban setting, and still be exposed, be involved in...
Panel Investor: But then their parents can't afford these meals?
Alex: And you're right. We're not addressing the poorest of the poor kids. And the reality is that the product that we're creating exists in a time when that kind of a product maybe can't address those kids. And that's why all of that's very important to me. But what if I can affect people on another end of it? What if I can take money from people who are more affluent and use that to create programming that does the things that those parents can't do?
Meghan: We have a system in place where a portion of our profits goes to our TuckrFund, and works to teach kids full circle where their food comes from, with hands-on food education in the classroom, as well as seeing how to prepare fun, creative meals in that class demo, while getting to eat TuckrBox lunch in low-access areas.
Investor question: Right?
Meghan: Thank you. We are.
