Jane: Yeah. You can switch it up. We'll probably respond to either. We're used to it.
Jane: We gotta get used to it when we have such similar names.
Jane: Yeah. So I'm Jane.
Jenna: And I'm Jenna.
Jane: And we're the founders of Harper Wilde. And we built Harper Wilde to take the BS out of bra shopping. Or as we like to call it, ra hopping
Jane: I was this woman who loved shopping, I had nice shoes, and nice pants, jeans and purses, and to be totally honest with you I had a bra that I was wearing that was probably five years past its expiration date. And it just hit me. Why are all these other companies coming out with an easier way to buy a more fairly priced commodity, yet a woman's most basic commodity is still so hard to buy, and so expensive.
Jenna: I think at the time I had an underwire poking me in the side, the bra I was currently wearing. A little TMI, perhaps. But it really resonated with me. and really thought to myself, why is it that I'm not replacing my bras? And for me, I thought about the incumbents in the industry and where I could possibly go, one of whom owns 60% of the market and these new incumbents have not chipped away at that
Jenna: Yeah. We were trying to be polite.
Jenna: it's completely hypersexualized, so antiquated, um the embellishments, the you need a padded version, the uncomfortable experience that's not what's resonating with the modern empowered woman, and should not be the experience that young girls are also going to And that is why we created Harper Wilde.
Jane: I mean we went as far as to, with their permission, follow women home, and actually understand what the process of buying bras is like for them online or in-store, and what bras they have at home And so what we said is, How would it be best to find the right bra for you?
Jane: So we had this idea, okay, free home try-on we think should work. But do we really need to raise hundreds of thousands of dollars, buy thousands of bras, manufacture them ourselves, before we test it? Shouldn't we find a way to test it first? And so we bought 400 bras of existing brands, and we found a way to basically replicate the purchasing process and test it for zero dollars to us.
Jane: And we let them keep them for a week. And anything they didn't want to keep, they returned to us. And then we went and returned anything that wasn't bought.
Jenna: So we were able to see which of the five styles we offered they actually took home, which ones they kept, and really cut that data to see which features mattered.
Jenna: The simplicity is something that's very core to the brand. This whole taking the BS out of bra shopping. There's the whole theory on the paradox of choice, and when you have too many options you're actually less likely to purchase. So we invested in the fabric, we invested in the cups, we can show you the products.
Investor question: How does kind of the StitchFix model work in the underwear category? Do you see friction on the consumer side there?
Jenna: Yeah, so we can actually talk about since we've launched. Fast forward a year when we launched with free home try on, and about 65% of our orders do come through this free home try-on model. And we see 110% conversion.
Investor question: So when you send out the free home try-on, what percentage end up buying?
Jane: So two-thirds buy at least one or more.
Jane: we've been fortunate enough to already have repeat purchases, which is really exciting in this category, because women actually normally buy once per year.
Panel Investor: But to be fair, home try-on is like a tactic not a... It's a tactic that can be replicated, obviously. The bet is you've created product that is fundamentally better than AdoreMe, True Fit, That's the bet, right? That you have…
Jane: So actually free home try-on is not easily replicable. the ability to operationally to have enough inventory to buffer a free home try-on logistical model is actually very complex. How long they keep the bras for, how many bras they're allowed to actually take home with them, So that's actually not just something that someone could say, okay, you know what, we're going to start free home try-on right now
Investor question: So can I ask a question? What have you learned from past companies, bra companies that have tried to launch in this space?
Investor question: What happened to True?
Investor question: What went astray? Do you guys know what happened with that company?
Panel Investor: So can I ask a question? What have you learned from past companies, bra companies that have tried to launch in this space? Because I do know of a number of them. You probably know more than I do, Charles, around that, and I'd love to hear your thoughts on that.
Panel Investor: What happened to True? It went under because? What do you think the reason was?
Panel Investor: Phil?
Panel Investor: See, that’s a problem for me. What went astray? Do you guys know what happened with that company?
Jane: So they were selling other people’s bras. So more of a marketplace for bras. So the whole idea was...
Jane: They had some in their... And their whole idea was, there are so many options. It’s a similar pain point, they were just solving it in a different way. So we agree on that
Jenna: So what we've seen from a lot of the other companies is this focus on let's innovate on the bra. Let's make the perfect bra and keeping prices high near $70. There's thousands of bras out there. The issue is really in the process of buying them. We would talk to women with six, seven figure salaries who are like, honestly, I just go to, I buy a ten-dollar Maidenform bra online because I just don't even know where else to go. And that's really where we came in with a better experience and a more fairly priced product.
Investor question: But is that just because you haven't found anything that you like?
Panel Investor: But is that just because you haven't found anything that you like? Like are these...
Panel Investor: Actually I was more curious to see, because their selling was your bra's not fitting. And I thought, okay, well I think my bra's fitting, but I've never been through a bra fit so what the heck. And I went through it and when I walked out I was too frustrated Because they kept giving me all these little push up and push out and push sideways, and the whole thing was ridiculous, and see through. And I was thinking to myself, what do I look like? A Playboy bunny? I mean, I really wanted something functional. So on one hand, that's what bras are...what people don’t realize is they are functional. I don't like the fact that we're objectified, I don't like Victoria's Secret. And so for what you're saying, you're saying all the right things. It's the message, but it's the brand loyalty that you're going to have to build up. And I think that might, and correct me if I'm wrong, but I think that's going to take a lot of time and a lot of capital to do that.
Jenna: I mean one thing that we found that's really interesting is that we do see that there is a lot of brand loyalty in this space. And that was one of the things we first set out to figure out. Like are people going to be willing to try a new brand? And what we hear is that women, when they do find something they like, they want to go back and repurchase.
Jenna: Or what happens is, a lot of brands discontinue. Because they treat this as a fashion product, and it's trending. And they treat it in that category. Whereas we see this in a different light, as it being a staple, a commodity, it's the basic. We say we're your 90% of the week bra.
Jane: We had such similar conversations to this one where we sat with a woman who had really made it, and I imagine you have the money to buy a nice bra, but you're still buying Target ones. And you have really nice other stuff on, but you have a $20 bra. And that's what we heard, anecdotally, over and over again. We would sit down with these women who had the luxury of buying whatever they want, and we could see that they cared about what they wore, but they bought a $20 bra.
Investor question: So is this enough of a pain point do you feel like?
Investor question: But is that the 10x better product that we look for as venture investors?
Panel Investor: So is this enough of a pain point do you feel like? It feels like the innovation is, like, so if you're happy with your Target product, right?
Panel Investor: And like for sure I buy into the fact that you are for the price a better product and a better buying experience. But is that the 10x better product that we look for as venture investors? Because to your point, you said it yourself, they're getting along just fine with the Target product. And so like this seems like it's a little bit better, for sure. But it's not obviously, at least not to me, 10x better than the Target bra.
Jenna: As much as someone might have found something else that works for them, whether it's Target or somewhere else, most Millennials, they're moving into cities, . How are they going to get there? Also, they're working 12 - 16 hour days. Neither of us as we were getting out of the office at 10 or 11pm, even if we wanted to go bra shopping, we couldn't.
Jenna: And that’s one of the things that we’ve heard time and time again our customers are really excited about. This cheeky, sophisticated, respectful, but don’t take ourselves too seriously, willing to put bullshit in the packaging, and find different ways to relate and then build that trust, that we can earn more quickly because we’re really willing to put ourselves out there and be relatable. But I’m just worried about the loyalty. I’m really worried about what is going to drive this.
Investor question: So which version is the truth? Like is an outlier?
Panel Investor: Just to echo Jillian’s point, as a non-consumer, I’m hearing two sides of the story. One side of the story is this is a category that has zero loyalty, which is what you’re talking about. Which is the consumer of the category is just forever going to be a fickle consumer, and their share of wallet will always be fragmented across multiple brands, in which case it’s probably not that exciting a category. The other story that I’m hearing, which is the kind of story that you guys are talking about, which is that there is extreme brand loyalty. So which version is the truth? Like is Jillian an outlier? Or is it just like a category that will never engender strong loyalty?
Jane: I mean, I think a lot of the disconnect lies in something that you said that I actually think was off-base, which was...
Jane: Well, fairly, you don’t buy bras. Which is that it’s not a pain point. If you had sat through the conversations we’ve sat through, I mean we turned into therapists for a bit of a period. People hate bra shopping.
Jane: Yeah, no. So I was wrong. But they’re so upset with it that they’ll resort to buying at the same place where they buy their dish soap. It’s not that they’re so loyal to Target or they believe in the mission of Target that they’re sticking to it. It’s the fact, and what’s going to keep them loyal is if it’s so easy. They just don’t want to deal with it. They buy once per year because they want to get it over with.
Jenna: This is actually something that we feel very strongly about. Like, we can't be everything. We're prioritizing, we're picking one at the top, a number two, a number three. And we were both very clear on the fact that our number one is simplicity. And everything around, like when we say we take the BS out of bra shopping, we don't lead with 'we make the best bras', we definitely don't lead with 'low price'. We make it easier for women. Because they're getting out of work late, they don't have time, they don't want to do it. We do that through free home try-on, the simplified options and the fair pricing. But simplicity is really, really what we lead with.
Investor question: What's the valuation?
Jane: This one's a 9 million with a 20% discount.
Investor question: How many customers so far?
Panel Investor: How many customers so far? Because you're talking about a 9 million cap. Right. So I'm trying to figure that out.
Jenna: Yeah so we've had around 25% month over month growth since launch. We're at over 2200 orders. So around 20,000, anticipated to be around 150,000 this year. And then getting to around 2.2 million for next year.
Jane: So we launched at the end of June.
