Nyamitse: Hello.
Nyamitse: Nyamitse-Calvin.
Nyamitse: Nyamitse-Calvin.
Nyamitse: Nyamitse-Calvin. Nice to meet you.
Nyamitse: Nice to meet you.
Nyamitse: Nyamitse-Calvin. Nice to meet you.
Nyamitse: So what if I tell you that we could take eight seconds of your voice and share your cardiac status with you.
Nyamitse: So as I mentioned, my name is Nyamitse Calvin, and at Vital Audio, we did just that. Our story actually begins with a tragedy. I moved to the US in 2014. My mom had joined us to the US, and in less than a year, she lost her life due to complexities of navigating care. So the death of my mother and the lives that I've actually had the privilege to not only touch but also provide care as a clinician, motivated me to actually build Vital Audio. In under two years, we've developed the technology that takes in human voice, isolates cardiopulmonary frequencies, and reports heart rate, heart rate variability, lung capacity, and respiratory rate. We've submitted two patents. Moved a step farther to actually secure our FDA exemption. And our technology is ready to go live with our five first partners, covering six states and over four million lives across the US alone. I'm here today raising three million to transform the 4 billion calls that are requesting care around the world, and to establish Vital Audio as a global leader in digital vocal biomarkers I'm happy to do a demo.
Nyamitse: So that you can also see the technology. Josh here has volunteered to be -
Nyamitse: - our guinea pig.
Nyamitse: Right. That's good. So, he's going to receive a phone call. I'm going to turn the screen towards you. He's going to use a monotone, like an eight second vowel sound of ahhh, and then once the call ends, we'll have his measurement right here. So, I will go ahead, place the call.
Nyamitse: I hope you're not dead.
Nyamitse: I'll pass it around.
Mac: Is that due to how far the phone was from him?
Nyamitse: So no. The first iteration of the product development. We just focused on the heart rate and micro variability. We're focusing on targeting atrial fibrillation and congestive heart failure patients. And then the second patent, that's what it actually covers, all the additional biomarkers, which account for lung capacity, respiratory rate. And we're actually working on a single-lead ECG derived from like the hidden frequencies in the voice.
Jesse: How accurate, how close is it?
Panel Investor: So he obviously doesn't have a heart rate monitor on him that he's wearing right now, but what does your data say? How accurate, how close is it?
Nyamitse: So we conducted two studies in partnerships with NYU Langone, cardiology department, and Zipcare Clinic. Reached more than 500 participants across the New York metropolitan area. The technology actually performs at 96 percent accuracy compared to gold standard ECG.
Panel Investor: Got it. And the future diagnostics that are covered under the new patent, will you expect them to be roughly as accurate?
Nyamitse: Yes.
Mac: Can you talk to us about that? What is the exemption? How did you get it? Did you get a contractor?
Panel Investor: You mentioned your FDA exemption. Can you talk to us about that? What is the exemption? How did you get it? Did you get a contractor?
Nyamitse: Yeah. So the FDA process, I actually did it myself. Like, took three months to actually sit down, did my homework. Once I completed that, I did my first FDA presubmission, We received a non-significant risk designation from the FDA. And we wanted to actually put the technology forward to the general population because the technology, the more data it's actually processing, the better it actually becomes. So we submitted the data that we already had. At that point, we're actually around 90 to 94 percent accuracy. And FDA, upon reviewing, that's when we were actually given the exemption, that we were able to do a large scale deployment for data acquisition, as a data acquisition platform. In the future, we're actually looking to branch into the diagnostic, but that's going to be accounting for all the data that we're collecting this year to get us into the diagnostic space.
Panel Investor: And what do you think is the time horizon for you to get that 510K? [inaudible] you can do with the diagnostics?
Nyamitse: The FDA has actually shared that it's the first technology that they have encountered that takes in vocal frequencies or signals. So that, we are anticipating maybe a period of 6 to 8 months to actually complete that.
Nyamitse: Thank you.
Nyamitse: Thank you.
Mac: Who are you?
Panel Investor: So talk to us, like, what's your background? Who are you?
Nyamitse: Yeah. So very first job moving to the US, I was the guy that you didn't want to see in the hospital. I was the guy who would knock on your door and say like, Hey, Mac, I'm actually here to collect your liability, or your deductible. I was that guy. But that actually allowed me to see a lot of, like, the flaws in the healthcare system. I transitioned from that, went into clinical, so I actually worked as a non traditional first responder. In the ER, I was supporting a paraplegic physician. So he was the brains. I was the hands and so forth. Later on, I actually navigated and transitioned into clinical research. My first clinical research was focused on leveraging 3D technology in trauma and orthopedic intervention. And then I dove into the biomedical engineering space. So my training or my specialty in the biomedical space is interactive medical robotics with subspecialty of digital signal processing.
Lee: Talk to us a little about the market opportunity. What's the first set of customers?
Panel Investor: Talk to us a little about the market opportunity. Obviously the technology is really cool. We saw it happen. What's the first set of customers? Like, what's the status quo right now? Cause clearly they're getting the data, but what does voice unlock?
Nyamitse: So, with the five partners that were going live, all together, we've built a pipeline of 1.5 today, with about 800 in contract revenue closed
Panel Investor: 1.5 million?
Nyamitse: Yeah. 1.5 million. The first stage which we're focusing is the cardiac space. We're focusing on congestive heart failure. We're going to be expanding into pulmonary space, focusing on lung transplant patients, COPD patients. And then the next phase is going to be the medication adherence. If you're taking your medication, is it working? Are you tolerant to your medication? How do we adjust that?
Panel Investor: And is the hospital system the payer? Or - for the first market?
Nyamitse: Yes. We have one path that the payer, the primary payer, is like a hospital system, a call center. And then the other path would be like your average payer partners. So Medicare, Medicaid being able to like bill for those codes.
Lee: What's the status quo right now? Is it like, don't have to send someone to the person? Is there a labor cost short - like question?
Panel Investor: What's the status quo right now? And like, what's the incremental lift voice can achieve? Is it like, don't have to send someone to the person? Is there a labor cost short - like question? Like, what's the -
Nyamitse: Yes. So as you saw, Josh didn't have
Nyamitse: Software. He didn't have anything in his phone. The idea behind was, I personally, from like my experience working in the healthcare, we get excited with new technologies a lot. That excitement leads to 10 devices that a patient has to operate. We tend to forget maximizing the opportunity with the existing device. If you look globally in almost everyone's pocket is a cell phone. Patient doesn't have to learn a new skill? The provider doesn't have to learn a new skill. We're just leveraging the existing patient provider communication channel of like, Hey, I need care. I'm reaching out to my doctor. In that call, my doctor, on the other hand, is actually receiving information as I'm actually speaking to him.
Lee: How do you think of what the ROI is here?
Panel Investor: How do you think of what the ROI is here? I either stop the patient from having a cardiac arrest, which theoretically leads to some cost savings. Like, how do your payers value these things?
Nyamitse: Yeah. One, when it comes to healthcare, time is everything. Time is money. Time is a life saved. So on average, a provider spends $400 to track a patient with less than 10 percent yield of good data to actually use. So it's cutting the time and cost to access care and preventing those avoidable visits. And at the same time, if you're able to increase conversion rate from like in-person visits to like follow ups, which are actually happening remotely, you're creating room for new patients to actually come in, the patients that need the care. So you're actually increasing and expanding your revenue access. Yeah.
Jesse: Is there a dollar per patient, do you think?
Panel Investor: Doubling down on Lee's questions, so your first million and a half dollars in contracts, stretch this out for us two years, three years. Sort of, what is the opportunity with the first product in the US? W hat's each system willing to pay for? Is there a dollar per patient, do you think? Or is there a dollar per visit? It's just - how do you think about the larger opportunity?
Nyamitse: As far as from all the numbers and engagement with the customers that we've actually had, from the payer partners, it's north of $3 from a general cut. uh Hospitals' call centers is north of $5 and we're actually looking at per rate, per phone call, rather than like a month. So we have a lot of levers to actually drive more utilization.
Mac: How many phone calls does one of these centers get a month?
Nyamitse: A small practice can process anywhere from 3,000 to 10,000 phone calls monthly.
Panel Investor: And you'll get $5 every phone call?
Nyamitse: Yeah. And a call center from a large hospital system, annually they process about 250,000 phone calls.
Nyamitse: Sounds good. Sounds good.
Cyan: Do you want to reconfigure us, or?
Jesse: Are you going to join us?
Nyamitse: Okay.
Panel Investor: Like How much have you raised to date? If we could walk through that a little bit.
Nyamitse: Yeah. So I love competing. It's like my sweet spot. When someone says free money, I'm like, I'm right there. So for pre-seed, we did a lot of non-dilutive totaling north of 150k, For this round, we have about 1.75 that is already committed, and we're actually just working the motion right now.
Nyamitse: Yeah.
