Nicole: Hi.
Nicole: My name's Nicole.
Nicole: Okay. We've all been there. Standing at the recycling bin questioning, is this recyclable? And you're not alone. 96% of Americans are also confused on how to recycle. But this confusion is costing us. 219 million tons of recyclable waste enters our landfills every year, we spend over $200 billion just to send it there. My name is Nicole Toole. I'm the CEO and founder of ECGO, and I've worked over the last four years while attending undergrad researching student and consumer behaviors around recycling. ECGO is a mobile app that uses artificial intelligence to detect the recyclability of materials. You take a picture of anything, and ECGO gives you up to date and the most sustainable guidelines on how to dispose of your waste. And as you recycle, you earn points that are redeemable for discounts for products and services within your community. We have launched paid pilots at George State and the Georgia Institute of Technology, and in the last five months have helped students dispose over 50,000 items on our platform. And today I'm raising $750,000 to expand into universities, but we plan to go to municipalities as well as corporate offices. So I invite you to join us in that. Thank you.
Investor question: Can we try like a quick test? Like what - would you app tell me this?
Nicole: Definitely.
Nicole: And so everything that's in green is recyclable, everything that's in red is unrecyclable.
Investor question: Everything in green is recyclable?
Nicole: Correct. So that's - this is also based on Georgia Tech's recycling guidelines -
Nicole: Cos those are our campuses that we're on. Um. And then it'll also show you which bin to place it in, as well as where you can take it to on campus.
Nicole: Yes.
Investor question: Can you talk about the tech?
Nicole: Yeah, so, Ryan Walden is my cofounder and CTO. And so he is a machine learning engineer with years experience building machine learning models. And so right now we're using OpenAI’s clip model, which creates a caption for every item that you take a picture of through the platform, and then it looks for that item in our database of materials. We actually started off as a hardware company. Our first iteration was a recycling machine that accepted plastic bottles and aluminum cans. So we built the machine, it was super beautiful, it was the sexiest machine I'd ever seen in my life. Like, so proud of it. and launched it February 2020. But no one could use it because everyone went home and never came back. So that was when I started reading the EPA sustainability report, and so they outlined that reducing recycling contamination was their number one objective to increase recycling in the United States. And how they recommended that we solve this problem was flyers and engaging social media campaigns. And so I was like, okay. Like, what else, there's no innovation here. And so that is what ultimately led to ECGO was like, okay, well I bet, if I could just take a picture of everything and it told me what to do, that would solve this problem.
Nicole: Yes.
Investor question: Can you walk me through just like who's paid what so far?
Nicole: Yeah. So Georgia State and the Georgia Institute of Technology are our first customers. So we started them off with a semester pilot that cost $5000, which, I know, like no one negotiated - yes, it was too low.
Nicole: That's true.
Nicole: That's true. And then it rolled over into a full year implementation. That was $20,000. And so that's what we are currently with both institutions on. But we actually are exploring a pilot with Cox Enterprises right now, so we're just about to get into that corporate space.
Investor question: How - how many downloads have you gotten on these campuses?
Nicole: Yeah, so right now, we have 1500 students on the platform who use it. We have a 33% monthly active user rate, and on average students recycle 35 items each month. And the fraud was like less than 1%. We had like 10 students who were ridiculous.
Nicole: Which was interesting. And then we also had a 12% reward redemption rate, which was much lower than what we expected. But still, the usage was incredibly high. The vast majority of our new users came from referrals. So the average user referred three of their friends on the platform.
Investor question: Does a university benefit in any monetary way by recycling more?
Investor question: Is it just feel good? Or is - are there other things?
Panel Investor: Is there a mandate that they have to -
Nicole: Yes. So glad you asked that, universities actually pay contamination fees on their recycling bills. And so these are fees that they have to pay on top of what they already pay in recycling. So this can be anywhere between 75 to $150,000 a year, just on contamination.
Nicole: So in theory, if we can educate their students, increase volume, increase quality, we can lower those costs for them. But also increase revenue because they can sell these materials for higher prices on the market.
Investor question: When will you have enough data to be able to show the results?
Panel Investor: When will you have enough data to be able to show the results? Because if you increase their recycling volumes but the contamination number stays up, you might actually worsen the problem.
Nicole: Right. So the thing about this solution is that we need high adoption in order to effectively say that we were able to reduce contamination, or if we saw any changes in the recycling stream overall. And so that's why in these next two years, we're focusing so much on adoption on the campus.
Investor question: It's gonna take two years?
Nicole: Or just the year. I'm just - I - cos right now -
Nicole: What's great about the university is that we're able to market through all of their channels. So -
Investor question: So you're doing the marketing and that has to come out of the 20,000 that you're getting in revenue?
Nicole: No. So they do focus on all of the communications on campus. The only thing that we have done is we've had tablings on the campus, where we've told students about ECGO and get them to download the application. Our user acquisition cost is only $1.50 because like we just put like we have cookies and whatever to get students to download the application. So the university will send emails, they'll put up flyers. They'll also put signage on like their TVs and all those things that we don't have to manage. And we really put the onus on the university to market that application.
Nicole: So one of the things that we know is that the cost of the pilot was extremely low. And so right now, Georgia Tech, Georgia State have this waste goal by 2030. And there's no way for them to effectively track how they are reaching these goals today. So ECGO is the first application that they're actually able to see in real time what students are actually putting in recycling bins, so that they can effectively market back to the students. So I think that that is actually more so the value to the institution versus the rebate part, because now ECGO gives them a lens on, okay, it's Halloween and students just recycled candy wrappers. Let's do some effective marketing around why you can't dispose those materials. The insight part is really what's valuable to the institution, because right now they're really shooting in the dark how to better engage their constituents.
Investor question: Is there a penalty that - at the end? If they do not reach these goals?
Nicole: So Georgia, no. We don't have any policy around this.
Nicole: So it's more so just from the top down, the pressure of, okay, the university wants to reach this goal, I have a job to do, how am I gonna get there. But I know from California, you guys do have -
Nicole: - for that. So we are going to make our way here one way or another.
Investor question: Alright, so
Investor question: Has that been something that you've been getting interest about and have you tested that at all?
Panel Investor: Oh, don't make the rest of America California, please.
Alright, so the investors are starting to see dollar signs in trash…
But is this business ready to start turning that trash into treasure?
That’s coming up.
-
Welcome back. Nicole’s app, Ecgo, can help colleges save tens of thousands of dollars in contamination fees. But first, students have to actually use it. Here’s Erica.
Panel Investor: House points. Because I think - yeah, when I think about like you know - and I mean colleges sometimes do like color wars and you know opening day, orientation, whatever. Has that been something that you've been getting interest about and have you tested that at all?
Nicole: So we haven't tested it yet, but we have gotten considerable interest, particularly between Georgia Tech and Georgia State, because they're kind of like rivalries. So like, being able to know that Georgia Tech was recycling much more than Georgia State was a huge thing on their campus. But we are looking to do those dormitory against dormitory, class between class, friend group against friend group, even. So we're working this summer to really bolster those social components of the application.
Nicole: Yeah.
Nicole: Uh-huh.
Nicole: That's very true.
Investor question: How much are you raising?
Panel Investor: How much are you raising? What is that - I don't know that you mentioned that yet
Nicole: Yeah, so we're raising 750 - and we just started. So we're doing a safe and the cap is 5 million. So we're just starting with that.
Investor question: And what goals do you hope to achieve in the next six to 12 months with that, and how long does it last?
Nicole: Yeah. So that lasts us 12 months. And so our goal is to launch more universities and corporate offices in the south east. So that is like our focus. And our goal is 20 institutions by the end of next year.
Nicole: Yes!
Nicole: That's great feedback. Thank you.
Nicole: Yeah.
Investor question: Oh really?
Panel Investor: - are eco conscious, they recycle, they are young, they are cool, that versus Sprite versus whatever - that's brilliant. You can't pay for that
Nicole: Thank you so much. I appreciate that.
Nicole: Yeah.
Investor question: And I think people had some great ideas on how to get there, I just think it's going to be too pricey to try to - like, how do you go from 1500 to a whole campus without increasing that spend?
Nicole: Yeah.
