Jonathan: We're focusing on building an incredible business that helps nonprofits in cities better understand, reduce and ultimately prevent situations of homelessness.
Panel Investor: And, and you think it's okay that I profit off that?
And yeah, this issue touched a nerve with some of our investors. We’ll get into that.
Founder Jonathan Kumar is here asking our investors for $1 million dollars for his startup... Samaritan. Which Jonathan says can help solve homelessness.
Now conventional VC wisdom says that a successful startup is one that solves a real problem. And homelessness is a persistent one. More than half a million people were homeless last year. And that number has been ticking up. So it's a big deal.
But... is homelessness the kind of problem that venture capital can... or even should... solve?
From Gimlet, this is The Pitch. I’m Josh Muccio.
Today’s investors are:
Jonathan: Would you trust me? Would you have cash on you to give? Or maybe only hundreds on you? Would you have the time to stop and engage and buy them a sandwich?
Jonathan: That's wonderful. Guys, as you leave the building to catch your flight or to commute home this evening, you will see that homelessness is one of the greatest issues of our time. Cities, healthcare systems, business owners are spending hundreds of millions of dollars per year, per city combating it, and they, no, we are losing. Samaritan provides these incredible free digital wallets designed for people without a home. If someone has one of these digital wallets, which we call a beacon, and you, everyday people have this Samaritan app on their phone. Just by passing by an unsheltered beacon holder you'll get a notification that lets you learn their story.
Jonathan: Friends, we've seen these relationships coupled with that simple financial capital result in housing, employment, addiction recovery, and unprecedented data. We've launched a 500 beacon pilot in Seattle, and we've seen and helped over 28 beacon holders leave the street saving our city half a million dollars per year and earning our first $100,000 in licensing revenue.
Phil: Can you talk a little bit more about the product and exactly how the beacons work?
Panel Investor: Can you talk a little bit more about the product and exactly how the beacons work? Cos I'm not sure I'm clear on that yet.
Jonathan: Yeah. So these are Bluetooth low energy transmitters. We get them from a company in San Diego at about $5 a unit. It has a battery inside.
Jillian: What's the life of it?
Jonathan: 30 days, actually. So it works out really well. Because for them to get a new battery and renew it…
Jillian: Who's they?
Jonathan: The beacon holder.
Panel Investor: You mean the person who does not have a home?
Jonathan: Right. The person on the street.
Panel Investor: So it is up to them that every 30 days they're going to go get another battery?
Jonathan: Right. At the nonprofit. That battery exchange offers that nonprofit an opportunity to have what we call a life care visit, where they'll talk about the last 30 days. The 30 days ahead. Setting some goals.
Panel Investor: So. There's a certain amount of money that's put on the beacon for donors in the last 30 days. The nonprofit says, hey good news, you have 50 bucks that's been donated to you. So how do they spend it?
Jonathan: Yeah. So the two ways beacon holders can spend their money are either just sitting down with a counsellor that has access to the money, They can pay down debt. They can get cellphones, pay for cell phone plans. In Seattle we have a couple merchants who have the same app that you would have, but because they're logged in as a merchant, they can see the beacon holder's balance and charge a good or service to it.
Charles: What's a meaningful amount of money for a beacon holder to get in a course of a month?
Jonathan: We see right now about 40 to $50 per active beacon holder per month. Which is so low. But what's amazing about that number is even with an amount as low as 40 to $50, we're seeing 30 to 40% of beacon holders keep their Beacon and go through the process of that monthly one on one to hold on to it. So I think that's really promising.
Jonathan: Percent.
Panel Investor: Will...?
Jonathan: Will go through the monthly one on one at a nonprofit. Which is our, that's probably our key, our most key predictor of success. Is are they consistently accessing relationships? We see that beacon holders who complete those one on ones are likely to exit to housing, employment.
Jonathan: That's the data right now.
Charles: Do you get a full picture of what the person's been up to?
Jonathan: Of course, yeah.
Jonathan: Because the beacon holder has opted in to sharing that information when they sign up for a beacon can know, oh, you've actually sat down six times with Salvation Army.
Jonathan: That is one of the most tragic things, is when someone goes on a housing list for six months or a year or two years...
Jonathan: And their name is called. And they're not there. They're not in the community. So this helps keep people in and above the surface. So that when their name is called, nonprofits can actually use Samaritan together to contact an individual to see, ohh. He’s been to the Salvation Army recently. umm So there's a coordination aspect that allows them to keep track of individuals and contact them and say, hey, your room is ready.
Jonathan: Right.
Jillian: Which is a big issue.
Charles: How do consumers find out about the Samaritan app?
Jonathan: The license includes an ad spend. So we'll get at it with Facebook and Google. It’s great for local business
Phil: Do they want to get these notifications when they pass by? How does that.
Panel Investor: But do consumers want this app? Do they want to get these notifications when they pass by? Or does it make them feel guilty every time they pass by if they don't give? How does that...?
Jonathan: Yeah. Well, I think our mission isn't to inspire guilt in anyone but to really create this sense of poverty in spirit or being poor in spirit, realizing that you are no different than the person holding the sign in front of you but for circumstances. And when you see their story, when you see their portrait, you realize that and you stop pitying them. You partner with them.
Panel Investor: So your revenue model is a licensing model, right? You're licensing it to nonprofits or municipalities?
Jonathan: Yeah. We license this technology to health care systems, municipalities, business owner and real estate groups. So we license the beacons, the software, the hardware and the data And that allows us to provide the beacons to non-profit partners to pass them down. Our average license for a Portland-sized city or a Madison, Wisconsin, would be about 175k a year annually. And it costs us about 100k to execute.
Jonathan: We're pretty early. I mean, we have one customer. We're still learning. We need your guys’s help in that, right. So as we launch more successful pilots, the value of our service, we can expect it to go up, but we want to stay with what we know. Our first contract was annually $100,000 in revenue for a 500 beacon pilot. So we'll go up from there as we get more efficient.
Jonathan: Yeah. I think when we win, this is a 15 to $25 million a year business. So it's not in the stratosphere in terms of VCs and Facebook type valuations. So we definitely believe there are returns to be had. We want to work with the right people to get there.
Michael: Which one do you want money from? Do you want it from my foundation, or do you want it from me? Tell me which one you want the money from?
Panel Investor: Do you think this is... I'm just listening to this and here's my struggle. I love what you're doing and why you're doing it. I don't know if I want to capitalize on this. And I have my money and then I have a foundation. Which one do you want money from? Do you want it from my foundation, or do you want it from me? Because if it's from the Michael Hyatt investor, I'm going to be talking to you about all the nuts and bolts and returns and scaling and all that. With my foundation, it's a completely different metric. It's the, completely, how do you do good? Tell me which one you want the money from?
Jonathan: Right. our ultimate vision is to help people without a home in 99 more cities by 2023. But we felt that the fastest way to get there, to get there by 2023, not 2028, was to show that we had a scalable business model. So again, we showed, we're showing that this is repeatable in Seattle, we're showing that it's sustainable in terms of the revenue.
Panel Investor: So where do you want money from?
Jonathan: So this would be a financial investment that we'd hope to return your capital so that you can make a couple more bets down the road.
Michael: How are you going to return my capital?
Panel Investor: How are you going to return my capital? Are we taking this business public? I'm still struggling if this is a financial investment for me.
Jonathan: Makes sense. I totally understand that. Our investors I think are in to either cash out when we hit 25 or 50 cities.
Michael: How do they get out? Are you saying you're going to buy them out?
Jonathan: Right. Yeah. So we can take a topline portion of our revenue to buy back their shares. We're not targeting an exit right now. We're focusing on building an incredible business that helps nonprofits in cities better understand, reduce and ultimately prevent situations of homelessness. But as we scale, we see partners that could potentially make it even bigger. World Vision, Red Cross could use this to provide beacons to disaster victims that have been have had their home destroyed in a fire or an earthquake or a tsunami.
Panel Investor: and you think it's okay that I profit off that?
Jonathan: I think we're looking for value-aligned investors that when they get their return, will make two or three or nine or ten more bets on similar ventures in the future. We want to team up with good investors that are going to do good things with the profits.
Jonathan: Yeah. Tell me more.
Jonathan: If you talk to the rest of our angels, they would probably say that they were investing in it for the opportunity of financial return, but really to change the way our cities look at our most vulnerable in the process.
Jonathan: Right.
Phil: When I'm being charitable, I look at it as, how can I help and get the biggest impact?
Panel Investor: When I'm investing, I'm looking at it strictly as a return on investment. When I'm being charitable, I look at it as, how can I help and get the biggest impact? So this feels like it's in between. And that makes it challenging for me. Like I said, I really love your mission and what you're doing. But as a business, as a financial investment, I have to pass.
Jonathan: Thank you. Wow. So meaningful. Thank you for that.
