Investor question: Why didn’t you stress the productivity solution?
Investor question: Who are you?
Panel Investor: Why didn’t you stress the productivity solution? The fact that there’s billions left literally on the floor without your product.
Oh right, James Altucher. You may know him as that bitcoin guy from a few years back. He was only on the show for a few episodes.
The Pitch for Aunt Flow, is coming up. Right after this.
[AD]
Alright here we go! Let’s travel back in time, it’s August 2017. And Claire Coder steps into the pitch studio, carrying a small box of tampons for the investors.
Claire: My name is Claire. I have goodies for you guys.
Claire: For your nose bleeds. 100% organic cotton non-applicator tampons. And then of course...
Panel Investor: Wait, what? Let me give this back to you.
Claire: Nose bleeds. Nose bleeds.
Investor question: What’s the name of your company?
Claire: Yes! So my name is Claire Coder, and I’m the founder and CEO of Aunt Flow. And myself, I’ve experienced something that 86% of women have as well. And that’s getting my period unexpectedly in public. And there are three options to handle that situation. One, is just like 64% of women, they leave work or what they’re doing immediately. Of course, for businesses, this is lost work hours, and for women this is lost opportunities in a really awkward situation.
Claire: Mm-hmm. Yeah.
Panel Investor: Okay, can I, I'm sorry to interrupt - is it really that unexpected? Or do you always have in your purse when you know it's around that time?
Claire: You hope to. I've definitely been in a situation, I actually started this business because I was at an event called Start-Up Weekend. And I was locked into a building for 52 hours and I unexpectedly got my period.
Claire: With a purse. But I didn’t have tampons with me because I didn’t think I was going to have my period. So some people carry tampons all the time. Not everyone.
Claire: Yeah. Right.
Claire: Well, I mean you could carry it around and like support your menstruators in need, yes, but there are a lot of situations where that doesn't happen. And you're caught without a tampon, or you're in a bathroom and you don't have a coin to figure out how to use a coin-operated machine. And that's a huge problem as well.
Claire: So it's a really uncomfortable situation. And so it happens unexpectedly. And that's a huge, huge problem.
Claire: You could leave work.
Investor question: How do you get data?
Investor question: Where is the 64% coming from?
Claire: So we, uh, we partnered with Free the Tampons. Which Nancy....
Claire: Free the tampons, yes. So in 2013, Nancy Kramer started this movement called Free the Tampons. She had a TED talk where she discussed how, if toilet paper is offered for free, tampons should be too. And so there’s this whole idea where there’s a lack of bathroom equality. And for businesses, especially startups in Silicon Valley, they really want to show that they support their women. And offering free tampons is a visible way to demonstrate they support female employees.
Investor question: And so you would sell to those companies?
Claire: Precisely. So our business model is two parts. So we have a consumer facing side, and then we also sell to businesses. 70% of our company is selling directly to businesses. We sell these boxes, they offer them in their bathrooms, and they can refill them with our tampons. And we work primarily with their maintenance department to make sure they’re completely restocked.
Panel Investor: And that box which looks like a big jewelry box, that just sits on the, in the restroom? Or...
Claire: Yep. So it sits in the restroom and it also can be wall-mounted as well.
Panel Investor: Got it. And then you just come in and refill the box with tampons every so often?
Claire: Well, I don’t, but typically the maintenance company does.
Investor question: Why would they buy the tampons from you instead of from Walmart or Costco?
Claire: Totally. So Aunt Flow is actually the only company that works directly with businesses to supply them with 100% organic cotton tampons. Now, the other options are Tampax, and typically with Tampax they either order through Amazon or Costco. So Amazon and Costco are our competitors, but for companies like Viacom, who we just met with yesterday, they are not going to order a box of 36 applicator tampons to put in their bathrooms for 53 floors.
Investor question: And what have they been doing beforehand?
Panel Investor: What's the buying decision for a company like Viacom, whoever is doing the buying, to decide on they want to buy from you versus Costco or Walmart or Amazon.
Claire: Yeah, so there's a few different options. So Viacom for example have already been offering tampons. But, they just did a huge $130 million renovation on their building in Times Square, and it was all green initiative. So our products are non-applicator tampons. Which you can't really buy at Costco.
Panel Investor: Okay, I’m sorry, what’s a non-applicator tampon?
Claire: So if you look in your little baggie, those are non-applicator.
Investor question: And why is that important?
Investor question: But how many women, must use an applicator just for whatever reason?
Investor question: So I’m just wondering, can you buy them from Amazon?
Panel Investor: But aren’t there other non-applicator tampons out on the market?
Panel Investor: Right. So I’m just wondering, can you buy them from Amazon?
Claire: So to clarify. There’s really one brand that does non-applicator tampons, and that is OB tampons. They’re really, really well-known in Europe. They sell, 86% of tampon sales in Europe are non-applicator tampons. While only 6% of purchases for tampons in the United States are non-applicator.
Investor question: Why? Why is that?
Claire: So let's be clear. We started out with applicator tampons.
Investor question: You did?
Claire: Yes.
Claire: So in November of 2016 when we launched sales, we launched with our business-to-consumer side. And that was our buy-one-give-one subscription box for 100% organic cotton applicator tampons. And that's what you see here.
Investor question: And how'd that do?
Claire: So this is still in the market. It's doing really well.
Investor question: How much revenue are you generating?
Claire: $5,000 a month. Right now we’re transitioning from applicator to non-applicator. So we completely stopped all marketing starting at January.
Investor question: Why?
Claire: Because when we researched our current customers we realized that 75% of them actually wanted non-applicators. We started sending them to our customers and…
Investor question: Can you?
Claire: Well... We’re really, we really want to make sure that people have access to these non-applicators. They’re 53 percent less waste, they’re extremely less money to manufacture. And then for businesses, when we sell to businesses, it’s really for an emergency situation.They don’t want to stock with high quality applicator tampons, or people are going to steal a whole bunch.
Investor question: How much more expensive are you?
Claire: Comparable to, comparable to the other options. Like Kotex or Playtex.
Panel Investor: Like more expensive comparable?
Claire: So we’re about 12% more expensive.
Investor question: What is the value proposition? Is she focused more on price? Is she focused on the green aspect?
Panel Investor: Whatever. You know. Chief Toilet Paper Officer. Whoever is doing the buying here. What is the value proposition? Is she focused more on price? Is she focused on the green aspect? On the convenience of the delivery? You tell us.
Claire: Yeah. So. It's a little bit different for each company. For Viacom it was, they're already offering free tampons, but they wanted to produce 53% less waste. That's why they're going to non-applicator.
Claire: Right. And for Chase, it's to show that they support female employees. So recently in the news, Wall Street Journal just published how they're actually paying their women employees 15% less. And they really are looking for a way to visibly show that they support women.
Investor question: Why are they going through you?
Panel Investor: But why through Aunt Flow as opposed to buying tampons at Amazon or Costco and giving them away. Why are they going through you?
Claire: Yeah. A few different reasons. So of course for the green side, there's that. For the cost side, we're pretty comparable to the other options because our manufacturing is significantly less expensive, because we don't have the applicator. And then in addition, what was awesome about our consumer standpoint is we've created this national phenomena where we've been featured in over 50 local and national news pieces ranging from Forbes to Teen Vogue. I was on a TLC TV show talking about the company. And so Chase Bank recognizes, they want to align with a very progressive brand. And a brand...
Investor question: What’s an article, what’s a sample article about? Like what do they say about you?
Claire: So one of the top headlines is 20-year-old drops out of college to talk about menstruation for a living and is changing the world one cycle at a time.
Investor question: You’re 20 years old?
Claire: I try to not mention that, because I don’t want people to think that I’m not real or I’m actually running sh*t. But, yeah, I’m 20.
Investor question: What was it?
Panel Investor: What was it? oh yeah value prop.
Claire: But people aren't following OB. OB is...
Panel Investor: So it's important to Chase for them to align with you? That's the reason they're giving you the business? They want to align with you because you've been published, you've had some articles about you?
Claire: We check a lot of boxes for them. Young woman, or women-owned business. Small business. A business that is founded by a 20-year-old. A business that has national recognition for what we're doing. And in addition we also have a giving factor, or a giving piece, too. So for every 100 pieces that a business purchases, we donate ten. So that's our social enterprise component.
Claire: There’s a variety, like I was saying, there’s a variety of reasons.
Investor question: And so how do you think about someone coming in and knocking you out of these big companies?
Panel Investor: What I’m saying is like we have Aesop soap in our bathroom. And there are 500 other brands that are lower cost. But we make some sort of balanced buying decision that’s like you know we’re willing to pay a little bit more for a better product to make our employees happy or more productive. And I feel like that would be the pitch, correct me if I’m wrong, that would be the pitch that you would go in with. We’re not the lowest cost, but we’re the best value.
What the investors are getting at, is the fact that Claire’s sell for Aunt Flow is all about the environment and support for women, but the people she has to convince are facilities managers, who typically have different priorities, like price. And even if Claire is able to win them over, what’s to keep a competitor from swooping in with a similar product, at an even better price?
Panel Investor: So what happens when Aunt Flow 2 comes along. I’m just thinking about, thinking about barriers to entry here. So I can go and access one of those three manufacturers, I can get connected to the Chief Control Officer at any of these companies. You may have a one-year contract with these companies, but sales cycles take three months, six months anyway. And so how do you think about someone coming in and knocking you out of these big companies?
Claire: Yeah. So I think about that in a few different ways. First, we’re pushing for the three to five-year contracts. So that’s one barrier. It’s our mission to really grab as much land as possible. And be able to really expand our brand so that people recognize us and know us. And that’s primarily why we’re raising money right now. Quite frankly, we don’t necessarily need the money if we want to grow at the rate that we’re growing. But. We know that it’s a situation where we need to get in front of as many people as possible so that they can start purchasing our products and more people know our brand.
Investor question: How much are you raising and what valuation?
Panel Investor: So I think your barrier is actually share of wallet. So I think that I’m less interested in just the number of clients that you get. And I’m more interested in can you sell more product to JP Morgan or - any of these guys right? And I think if you could sell them soap and, you know, toilet paper and whatever else they might need, I think you then become a core supplier. And it then becomes harder for them to kinda knock you out
Panel Investor: Can I reel back. How much are you raising and what valuation?
Claire: So we’re raising $500,000 at a $5 million cap.
Claire: Well, I'd love to come back. Because I do think that we can expand our product line.
Investor question: What are you thinking valuation-wise?
Claire: It sounds like you’re about to say, I’m out.
Panel Investor: Which is why the productivity solution was the one I was waiting to hear. Which she did use with JP Morgan Chase.
Claire: All right, that’s all right.
