Matthew Peltier: Right now, the way it works, is it flips kind of the way social media works.
Investor question: How do you address every comment, every fan, on a daily basis when there's hundreds and thousands of messages coming in?
Investor question: But does that mean a lot to the fans?
Investor question: Were you?
Panel Investor: Yes. Need I say more? Like, Myspace!
Today we hear from an entrepreneur who’s built an app designed to bring social media stars — and their fans — into conversation. But the founder needs to convince investors that, unlike most social media startups, he has a plan to actually make money.
Phil Nadel is the founder of Forefront Venture Partners. In pitches, you’ll hear him put the focus on the hard numbers.
Panel Investor: You don't walk around barefoot on the streets of San Francisco, do you?
Matthew: Not in SF, but I do in LA a lot.
Matthew: West side, yeah.
Matthew: Yeah, so, I'm Matthew Peltier from Shimmur, and we're building a social engagement platform that lets influencers and fans interact at scale.
Matthew: And working with him, started to realize what social media did well, what it did poorly and how him and his community engaged. Through that, we saw that social media, well-served, is content distribution, allows these creators to build their following, establish their brand, their trade, really build their stardom.
Investor question: So how does it work?
Matthew: The platform itself is very simple. Right now, the way it works, is it flips kind of the way social media works. So rather than influencers creating content and fans reacting, the community creates the content, they up and down vote the good and bad content, and the influencer is able to interact.
Matthew: Would you guys like to see a little product demo?
Matthew: So yeah, I'll start over here.
Panel Investor: I click into one of my tribes and this is content that's being produced from other tribe members?
Matthew: Exactly. So here's somebody asking about how this influencer refers to his girlfriend. Originally, we thought we'd see a lot more Q&A type content, and there's a ton of that. But there's almost an equal volume of just content creation, memes, favorite photos, even just admiration, things like that. And then the...
Matthew: And the last piece is kind of up and down voting.
Investor question: What qualifies someone as an influencer?
Matthew: Right now we really use how many followers they have. It's a bit of a vanity, but it shows that they have people that care about them.
Investor question: How many is the average?
Matthew: I'd say on the lower end, like 150,000 plus, but on average we probably have half a million to a million, at least on a single platform. But from there, we really look at engagement.
Matthew: Sold.
Matthew: Yep. We wanted it to be a feed, where the influencer could scroll through. And that's where that read receipt functionality gets really scalable. Every post they see, all those fans are notified that he had seen that. So really able to interact with hundreds, even thousands of people in a single session.
Investor question: Do they really have time?
Panel Investor: Do they really have time? Or do they really have... Most influencers don't do this themselves. They do some of it, but a lot of times they have others who...
Matthew: It really depends on the class of influencers. Social influencers are all authentic. Everything they create on every platform they do, everything they're engaging with, it's all them.
Investor question: Don’t you think at some point it's just not scalable?
Panel Investor: So an influencer wants to be inundated with all this from their fans? Don’t you think at some point it's just not scalable? Well, I know the platform's scalable. But as an influencer, me as a person, I don't scale. How do you address every comment, every fan, on a daily basis when there's hundreds and thousands of messages coming in?
Matthew: Really, the whole thesis is we don't aggregate content. We're not pulling in all the spammy things created in comment feeds and stuff like that. Really, it's about quality, not quantity. And that's where the upvoting mechanic gets really scalable. So as the community upvotes it, when the influencer interacts, all those people are notified.
Investor question: But does that mean a lot to the fans?
Matthew: Yeah. I mean, uh, for social influencers, and really what it's become is a place where influencers are more directly connected to the fans, right? What fans feel like they're missing is understanding whether that influencer cares about them, or whether he has a presence. And, a lot of it is about almost the gaze into the eyes of an influencer. What are they looking at? What are they responding to? You know, the fact that they're not necessarily being directly engaged, but they're getting this more intimate look into the influencer, has been really powerful.
Investor question: Can influencers use Shimmur to grow their own tribe via other tribes?
Matthew: Yep. So a lot of the functionality in our roadmap is how do we integrate communities? Um, we've seen a lot of tribe growth both within the product, but also influencers' social followings elsewhere have grown.
Investor question: What are your numbers?
Matthew: Yeah. We just passed, I think yesterday, 166,000 users. We've done no paid marketing or promotions, it's all been, you know, organic. Influencers coming to our product. Naturally, they want to let their fans know that they have this way to better engage with them.
Panel Investor: So these are 166,000 registered users?
Matthew: Yep. We've had about 185,000 downloads or so, so good conversions on the signup. Retention has been strong. And typically on a daily or weekly basis we're seeing anywhere from 25 - 30 plus percent active. So, getting good engagement metrics.
Investor question: How many influencers are there out there in the market right now?
Matthew: It's really an interesting question. I guess one of the things we've started to realize is there's new influencers popping up every day. A lot of our bread and butter right now is really young and up and coming influencers that really need to cultivate their community and grow, stay highly engaged. A tremendous amount of this is really developing. I'd say a lot of the influencer space is very much so a wild, wild west.
Investor question: How are you monetizing it?
Matthew: Monetization, I think, is really what our focus is post-seed. So really it's about building different avenues for an influencer to monetize. Um, Kristen Hancher, she actually has a ton of fans that will screenshot her photos from Instagram or Musical.ly or things like that. They'll share it and they'll actually ask her where she got every piece of that outfit. And she'll go through and respond and it's a really organic way for her to influence spending decisions. And then obviously we can provide much deeper analytics. Could we do things like buy buttons or actually track conversions? Things that I think are struggling on other products.
Matthew: 100%. All of these things are all revenue splits. You know, even advertising now on Twitter or YouTube, it’s all about splitting revenue with the influencer. Obviously, it's a motivation for them to continue to use the product, but it drives revenue to both the platform and the creators.
Investor question: So you'll give influencers tools to monetize?
Matthew: Yep.
Investor question: And you'll get a piece?
Matthew: Yeah.
Investor question: How do you track that then?
Panel Investor: How do you track that then? If she’s...yeah.
Panel Investor: Some kind of affiliate model?
Matthew: I'd say that's one version. Another big thing we're really focused on is directly monetizing the users. So having fans even pay premiums to guarantee their post gets responded to or engaged with. And we've already had some offers for five, six figure brand deals from major agencies to come through the product and advertise products or work on campaigns.
Investor question: Did you take it?
Matthew: We haven't yet.
Investor question: What type of deal is this?
Panel Investor: Okay. What type of deal is this?
Matthew: It's a brand integration. So it would be partnering specific influencers that match that product or the goals of that campaign and doing a campaign that is through Shimmur and also through their other social channels, too.
Investor question: And what does that look like in terms of the revenues from that? What's the contract look like?
Matthew: Yeah, um...
Investor question: Is it $25,000? Is it $10,000?
Matthew: As far as revenue for Shimmur?
Investor question: You said it was a six figure?
Panel Investor: You said it was a six figure? So it's $100,000?
Matthew: They vary. So my cofounder Max has managed an influencer Brent Rivera. He's done everything from five, six, even seven figure deals.
Investor question: What are you raising?
Matthew: Right now we're doing a, oh I forgot that in the introduction.
Matthew: Yep. We're doing a seed round. And we're raising $1.5. Really oriented towards giving us a comfortable 14-16 months to build a lot of the features that we know will drive that depth, the longevity, the deep vested interest in the product.
Investor question: And what's the valuation?
Matthew: We're doing right now a $7 mil pre, and those terms have been worked with Greycroft.
Matthew: Yep.
Investor question: How much of that is done?
Matthew: Yeah. So we have about $1.1 hard committed.
Matthew: Yeah. It's definitely a good question. I think right now, a lot of the challenge in any social product is longevity. Can you build a real experience that drives long term value that people feel like they have a vested interest in the history they've had in that product, or in the relationships they're building? And can we really capture that? And I think that's really what we need to build for in our product roadmap. With confidence, I think we're thinking about it absolutely right.
Matthew: Cool.
Matthew: Thank you.
Matthew: Twenty-one?
Investor question: What?
Matthew: Twenty-one?
Matthew: Okay.
Matthew: Appreciate it.
Investor question: Why is that?
Investor question: Were you?
Panel Investor: When I was a musician, there was Myspace. So...
Matthew: What are you talking about, you can't add value?
Investor question: Is that a big problem?
Panel Investor: No, no. That's why! [laughter] Need I say more? Like, Myspace!?
Matthew: We could crowdsource feedback.
Investor question: Is he using laser cats to cure space cancer?
Matthew: Yeah. I appreciate it.
Matthew: I just came here to meet you folks.
Matthew: Thank you all very much.
Investor question: When he walks in barefoot, I’m thinking, who is this bum? Is this guy here to clean up the studio?
Investor question: Right?
