Investor question: Hi, I’m how are you?
Panel Investor: Hi, I’m Sarah, how are you?
Christopher: Hi, nice to meet you.
Panel Investor: Charles...nice to meet you.
Christopher confidently strides into the room and shakes the investors hands, remember when that was a thing people did? Yeah, by the way, this was recorded last year.
Christopher: All right. Um, well, so my name’s Christopher Hussain, I’m the CEO and Founder of RealKey. And so home ownership: We all can agree that that is supposed to be the American dream, right. Except for once you find that dream house and you make that first offer, you guys it’s a total freaking nightmare. There is so much documentation and so much information needed by all these different parties involved. Now, you think you’re making progress and then all of a sudden you need an updated tax return. Or a bank statement has a deposit that needs a letter of explanation. Now, you think it’s bad for you, imagine the lender and the broker on the other side who do this for a living. They spend their entire day calling, emailing, updating all the parties involved. Where is this? Where is that? This wasn’t done right. You’re talking about title, escrow, real estate agents, the home buyer, insurance agents. So many of these different parties. Now, I was one of these loan officers. In fact, I was actually the top loan originator in the US for two straight years. I can tell you...
Christopher: Thank you. And I'm in front of you right now with a solution to that problem. With RealKey, we've filled the gaps to make the most efficient, enjoyable, and effortless experience possible for all of the parties involved. In fact, our MVP, within only four months, reached 70,000 MRR. And we're raising a million dollars right now to go through and to grow our sales and support team - to grow ah our current market.
Investor question: Tell us about your MMR, what’s in that 70,000 - what’s your gross margin? How did that work?
Christopher: Absolutely. So we're software-as-a-service. We charge $99 per month per user. A user for us is on the lender side. So everybody else is free.
Investor question: Typically how many licenses do you sell per brokerage?
Christopher: Ah, per office, the offices we focus in are 50 and up, typically sized about 100 per office. Um, so yeah.
Investor question: So you've got 100 times $99 per office?
Christopher: Yes. Ah offices.
Investor question: Has anybody shut you off yet?
Christopher: Shut us off? As far as churn - so we had less than 1% churn over the last year.
Investor question: Do you get any resistance from people about jumping on this platform?
Panel Investor: Do you get any resistance from people about jumping on this platform? I mean, cos it is another workflow. Does anybody kind of just say, like, I’ve been doing this forever and I’m doing this my way?
Christopher: What's great about our industry is that typically ah lenders and brokers, once they have a product, they actually don't change it. Ah the industry being stagnant as it is, it's also a very low bar.
Investor question: Can you walk us through your funding rounds? And where you're at in valuation?
Christopher: Ah so as far as the valuation right now, it's at 7 million. We initially raised 300k at 3 million. We did 500k at 5 million and 700k at 7. So we closed that out last August.
Panel Investor: How does this compare with something like a Roostify or a Blend for the really, the biggest of the big.
Christopher: I actually like that you asked that um, so I mentioned our MVP. Our MVP was competing with directly with them. Now they've raised substantial amounts of money. 300 million from Blend Labs, just for example. So we need to have something that's different. We took an open-minded approach and looked at what are the gaps that they have? So we actually pivoted last year.
Investor question: What is it? Is it a workflow engine?
Panel Investor: What is it? Is it a workflow engine? And like, once I, once I log on as my $99 a month, I'm a user, what am I experiencing? Take us through…
Christopher: So When it comes to a mortgage it’s a little bit of a black box. Everybody understands getting a mortgage, but nobody understands what the parts are that completes it. There is typically three systems. A loan origination system that ah you use to take in a loan application, run credit, enter fees and send legal documents….
Christopher: There's an AI machine learning aspect to it as well to make sure that it's getting better, more efficient over time, we know what documents to get - we also invite in the other parties who need access to it - they can chat, communicate in there. It's more efficient -- and that's what RealKey actually does, is we simplify all of that.
Investor question: And is the new product live and in the market yet?
Christopher: Ah new product is not live in the market. It's going out in Q1. Ah, so currently we actually have every all of our current users are on the old platform
Investor question: So the MVP though, ah, are you currently still acquiring customers?
Christopher: No.
Investor question: Is it just a workflow engine?
Panel Investor: Is it just a workflow engine? Or does it have specific AI?
Christopher: Ah, it's got both workflow engine and AI onto it. So it's more of a machine learning. AI's a very…
Investor question: What's the machine learning? What is it learning?
Christopher: Ah…
Investor question: What's the new data you're creating?
Christopher: The new data it's learning is so as you do more transactions, ah, we're going to be seeing, okay, is there a new condition? So you can add conditions or document requirements to a loan. And so if we didn't identify those, that's a miss. What cost...
Investor question: Is that what you're doing?
Panel Investor: So I, these are dumb questions I want to ask here, but I still don't quite get it. Like what are, you're a sophisticated workflow engine to bring everything together to make the deal happen. Is that what you're doing?
Christopher: I think that the more sophisticated parts of it will come later.
Panel Investor: Phil, do you, have you invested?
Christopher: So we did, have already begun doing that. So we do know that they are going to be converting because again they've been included in the research. When we built our initial...
Investor question: Are they using it currently?
Christopher: Ah, they're using a... MVP version. Some of em are using it, some of em are waiting for additional features. So what we did was we built ah a very simplified dumbed down MMVP, minimal, minimal viable product. And with that we found that they wanted things like we didn't have white labeling on there. Ah they wanted to customize the emails and the letters that went out, so we added that feature.
Christopher: Yes.
Christopher: Yes,
Investor question: And so are the existing users all converted over?
Christopher: Ah, it's not ready for them to convert over to it.
Investor question: Why? Why isn't it ready?
Christopher: Ah, because we have a few additional features and designs that we're adding to it.
Christopher: Yes.
Investor question: Have you built some AI?
Panel Investor: Can you just give us, I'm struggling because you're a subject matter expert and I love the reason you started this business, because you had the problem. Like, so everything's checking out. And, and you're a decent honest guy, I get all that. But I'm struggling that you can't... Phil continuously in this pitch kind of articulates your situation almost better than you. And number two, what I'm looking from you is what is it and what have you done? Have you built some AI? And you struggle with answering those questions. So I got a subject matter expert and I need to know a bit more of like the why, why this product? Like what is the thing?
Christopher: I think that what it comes down to - AI - it has to start somewhere. It has to start with somebody going through and building in rules and logic.
Investor question: Do you have any data scientists on staff?
Panel Investor: Right. Do you have any data scientists on staff?
Christopher: No. Not at the moment.
Christopher: That's the beginning steps of it is, it's a logic engine - we are identifying real time as you upload stuff, as you answer questions, as you give us more data and documentation, we're able to identify on the fly what's going to be needed to avoid those.
Investor question: But why are you doing this pitch?
Panel Investor: But why are you doing this pitch? You keep answering the questions for him. You’re so much better at doing this pitch. That's what's bothering me with this thing. Like, I want to know from this leader, like, what are you doing that's exceptional. Actually, I'm trying to tell you that I do want to invest. I'm struggling because I've got the subject matter expert and I don't have the thing.
Panel Investor: So, can I jump in here for a second?
Christopher: Yeah.
Christopher: Right. And so that's, so the reason that we're raising a million dollars right now is to get the feature product sets out as quickly as possible, and we're immediately going into our A round next year. We're raising about 10 to 25 million dollars at that point. Substantially grow the sales support team. And also, based off of the new users, additional feature sets to go through and to, honestly, delight the shit out of them.
Christopher: We do have users coming in right now, so because the product's not ready specifically yet and we're also been trying to go through and to keep this under wraps as much as possible before going through and explaining out to the world, here is the product.
Christopher: As far as going through and taking new users on right now and the product is missing features that, ah, the one that is completely ready, production ready, that one we don't want to go through and add a whole bunch of new users that don't…
Christopher: The new product now...
Christopher: It's not... we still have, Q1 means, you know, basically March.
Christopher: Not fully ready.
Panel Investor: ...the users are on the new product, but the new product's not live. Then we're like, oh so they're using it? And you're like, well, they're not using it cos it's not ready.
Christopher: Hm.
