David: hello, David
Investor question: Do you have any statistics about what the conversion rates are, like on Calendly?
Investor question: What's the early adopter use cases here?
Investor question: So is that a similar function?
Investor question: Can you solve it?
Investor question: So can you tell us a little bit more about your background?
Investor question: So can you talk a little bit about your revenue model and how that works?
Investor question: So are you primarily pulling people from these existing scheduling tools like Calendly?
Investor question: So what percentage of the 3000 are paid?
Investor question: How are you acquiring customers now?
Investor question: Like what's the motivation to go far?
Investor question: What does that look like down the road?
Investor question: Where's the moat here?
Investor question: Why wouldn't they? Why couldn't they?
Investor question: Did you mention how much you're raising?
Investor question: And what was the valuation?
Investor question: Who committed the 600,000? Is that an institutional investor?
Investor question: You know, right?
David: Hey friends.
Investor question: Can I - well, can I - so, there's a big - not problem, but can you explain your valuation?
David: Sure.
David: Yeah.
David: Well, and I mean, yeah, totally. Look -
Investor question: What am I missing?
David: So valuations are based on the market. Right. And the market is - the market is the investors you speak to, right? We have already raised $600,000 at a $15 million valuation. There's no way we're going lower in valuation. If I had my way, we're building a $10 billion company, I would - I'd raise at a $100 million valuation right now. But the truth is,
David: Is the market for the investors - the market that we've raised from so far has an appetite for 15 million. And be it because they're in San Francisco, or be it because they're just bullish on our company, they agreed to that and so I'm not interested in going down from there. I think it's a fair valuation based on what we're building but I can totally understand your concern. And is it frothy in this market right now?
David: For sure. Unequivocally. You can make a case for that, for sure.
David: Yeah. Three weeks ago.
David: It was maybe three to four weeks ago.
Investor question: How much runway does it give you?
David: Yeah. So with the money we have in the bank right now, we have 12 to 15 months of runway. We are very capital efficient.
David: Okay. That's great. Thank you so much. We would love to have you in.
David: We'd love to have you in.
David: Thank you.
David: Yes.
