Ali: This is so exciting. I've never done anything like this before.
Ali: Okay. Cool. Well, hi everyone. My name's Ali Kaminetsky and I'm the founder of Modern Picnic. Modern Picnic is a community-driven brand that makes insulated vegan leather lunch boxes for women. Think Yeti, but catered towards women who put style and functionality first. I started Modern Picnic completely out of a personal need. When I graduated from college, I was working in the fashion industry, bringing my lunch to work every day because of how much faster, cheaper and healthier it was. However, I quickly realized I did not have a chic functional or sustainable way to do so, and when I went online to buy myself a lunch box, I saw options for little kids and men, but none for women who wanted to look good or do good. So given the options on the market, from there Modern Picnic was born. And we launched with our first product called the Luncher, which as you can see here, chic, functionable, sustainable, clean with a wipeable interior and exterior. However, since we've launched, we've since come out with strategic product assortment all varying in price point, functionality, versatility. We've done over $4 million in cumulative sales from over 20,000 units sold, all while maintaining an incredibly lean team. We've been featured in over 350 press hits. Forbes, New York Times, the Today Show, Vogue, Oprah, Harper's Bazaar, amongst others. We've been able to work with other leading brands, such as American Express and Swell, and more recently have started expanding our wholesale and retail footprint, launching in Saks just a couple of months ago. We are currently seeking $2 million in seed capital to accelerate our growth, fuel our momentum, and take the business to the next level.
Investor question: Would you mind passing around one of those?
Ali: Yeah. Oh my god, I'd love to.
Investor question: What?
Investor question: How does it work?
Ali: Yeah. All of our products have an $150 AOV. We've got a $60 average CAC. Major way we’ve acquired our online visitors and sales is through paid ads. In terms of market size, I like to look at Yeti as a comp. Yeti is currently valued at over $9 billion, by understanding their original core audience of outdoorsmen, and leaning into it. Now who's coming in for the cosmopolitan working women? We're trying to do that.
Investor question: Have you seen anybody try to copy this?
Ali: Yeah. So we're the first to market in this space.
Ali: We've seen some companies start adding lunch boxes to their mix like Dagne Dover, for instance, they added a lunch box, but it's not like what we're doing. You know, different customer base. Theirs is neoprene; it's more sporty looking, while ours is more, you know, just a different style.
Ali: So our product margins are excellent, at over 80 to 90%. Gross margin goes down - it's still incredibly strong - at around 60%, which will only continue to be strong as we grow and scale.
Investor question: You said your average price point's like $150?
Ali: 150. So -
Investor question: And your cost is only 15, 20 dollars?
Ali: Yeah.
Investor question: And where are these manufactured?
Ali: They're manufactured in China. We did a brief stint in Indonesia but ultimately, the money that we were saving on tariffs was offset by it being further away and the cost of goods sold being higher. And the quality wasn't as good.
Investor question: So has it been all direct to consumer up until now?
Ali: Yes. So we started as a direct to consumer brand, in an effort to prove the concept, build the brand equity, but most importantly, tighten up our supply chain. We bootstrapped this company for a couple of years. I was shipping out of my parents' garage. So even if we had the opportunity to sell to Saks, we wouldn't have been able to operationally fulfill it, so this is our first year that we're leaning into it. And we're really excited to be talking to Nordstroms, Bloomingdales and we currently work with Dillard's and we'll be hopefully launching with Bloomingdales in Q1.
Ali: Yeah. Of course. So I went to Lehigh University where I studied supply chain management and marketing, before supply chain was such a buzzword. Right after graduating, I went on to work at Macy's. It was at Macy's where I got such a great foundation into the retail industry, but it was also at Macy's where I came up with the idea for Modern Picnic, and I think it's worth noting I was 22 years old when I came up with the idea for Modern Picnic and was able to successfully launch a company within two years, highlighting my ability to make things happen for not only myself, but most importantly, the company.
Ali: EDP program, yeah.
Investor question: You did?
Ali: Oh my god. I mean, I definitely credit it for learning everything. Like, retail math and our pricing. Like our margins are strong. I learned, you know, costing structure and really like buyer wholesale relationship, which now, like, we're starting to do more. So it was - it's really amazing program.
Investor question: Can you talk a little bit about your core customer archetypes? Like who you kind of see as your, you know, ideal customer, who's buying the most?
Ali: Yeah. So the Modern Picnic customer is - the majority of our customers are 25 to 34 year old working women living in cities, all at the mid to high discretionary income, really valuing that attainable luxury element of our product. One thing I think is worth noting is Modern Picnic has done a really good job capturing the eyes of the GenZ demo, shown by our pretty massive TikTok following. We actually have like millions on there, which is crazy. But really, like the Modern Picnic customer's so much more dynamic than that, whether she's a new mom who needs a way to store her breast milk, a vegan who cares about what her products are made out of, or a healthcare worker who simply does not have time to leave in the middle of the day to get food, Modern Picnic is for her. We've also seen women who just buy our products because they like the silhouette of the bag and want to use it as a bag, which is totally fine too.
Investor question: And what product changes have you made based on those insights?
Ali: Yeah, So our Luncher, we launched with - and that's really, like, to fit one meal plus a drink, like a snack. We're getting people telling us, well, I'm a nurse and I have long shifts and I need to carry breakfast, lunch, dinner and more. And so then we're like, okay, meet the large Luncher. Then we were getting some people saying, well, I really don't want to carry two bags. I want to carry my laptop with it and but I also want a lot of space. And we're like, we got you. Meet the tote. Then we were getting some women saying, like, hold up. I don't bring lunch to work. I don't do that. But, I do like to bring snacks. And so we're like, okay, meet the Snacker. So every product have been incredibly intentional. One product - and it - really passionate about and think there's a lot of money being left on the table is with food containers. If we're speaking households alone, safe to assume that every kitchen in the United States has a cabinet with food containers. If we could capture a slice of that market, that's massive. So right now, sitting next to two prototypes of food containers. I have a supply chain ready to go, the factory lined up, I have the packaging ready. Everything's ready to go. We're just waiting for
Ali: Except we're waiting for more funding to come through to go into production with it.
Investor question: Is there a broader vision?
Ali: So the product I'm really excited about is hard shelled coolers. So right now, there's a massive miss. You can get a Yeti hard-shelled cooler, they're the best in the business, super masculine, super rugged, super expensive. On the opposite end of the spectrum, you can get an Igloo cooler from your local CVS that's cheap, but there's nothing beautiful or functional about it. Nobody is even touching hard-shell coolers for the woman who caters towards style and functionality and so we set out to change that. It's gonna be white lacquer, gold detailing. And it's gonna be a hard-shelled cooler that women want in their Instagram photos. That you want on your boat. That you want to bring to the beach with your friends. And it's gonna be amazing.
Ali: So Yeti built a $40 million business off of one cooler that came in four different sizes. After that, of course, they expanded and accelerated and they're coming out with everything under the sun. So it's a massive market and multiple can play in this space. And right now, women sometimes don't want to buy something off of Etsy. They want something more elevated, and more functional and more durable. But also, the Yeti brand, they've cemented themselves into ultra masculine, rugged, outdoorsy. And they have a women's line, but we're gonna do it in just a different way.
Ali: Yeah. So right now, it's so heavily like skewed towards D2C, just because we just started this year. Right now, it's like 95/5.
Ali: Next year, we're projecting it to be more like 80/20. While like direct to consumer we expect to always account for the majority of our revenue, we do have that three-dimensional distribution strategy, ecomm, wholesale, and retail.
Investor question: So what have you seen as far as customers coming back and purchasing again or purchasing, you know, you start with your hero product and then go to the larger or smaller ones?
Ali: So our returning customer rate is actually above industry average. Year to date, it's at like a 23%. This answers the question, well, how many of these do people need? And the answer to that is, well, clearly given our target demo and given our price point, she might not need more, but she wants more and she's coming back for more. On the flip side, our returned product rate is very low. Less than 5%.
Investor question: What does that look like each year starting in 2018, you know, a couple thousand maybe, and then how did it grow?
Ali: Yeah. So we bootstrapped the company and then in 2020 we raised a friends and family pre seed. We raised $900,000 and that allowed us to pretty easily triple the business from $600,000 in sales in 2020, to 1.8 million in 2021. Just goes to show, with a little injection of capital, what we can do. So..
Investor question: And what have you done this year then?
Ali: This year, we're on track to doing just over 2 million. We were on track to doing 3.7 - 3.8, doubling the business again. But this year, we've scaled back our ad spend by 80% in an effort to preserve burn, extend our runway, but we're still seeing top line growth, which is crazy
Investor question: Do you have a good CAC estimate for what it was before you scaled back?
Ali: So right now, our year to date CAC is around like a 57. Last year -
Investor question: $57 per customer?
Ali: Yeah. Last year was a bit higher. We were ..
Ali: Last year when like post-IOS 14, when that happened, we saw CAC increase. And that's when our focus on diversification of marketing really took suit, and we started pulling from Facebook. Not even in an effort to preserve burn at that point, but more so to just like -
Ali: Facebook has forever changed and so we're never gonna go back in there full force. That's why we're focusing on wholesale expansion and we’re really gonna lean into that. And then product development, want to bring these food containers to market, and we'll be launching the food containers with Amazon and then some of our retail partners as well. So continuing to focus on efficiency and get to profitability which, if we can raise the money, we're on track to being profitable by Q2 of '23.
Ali: That's correct.
Ali: Especially with like wholesale support, And then also introducing new sales channels. We haven't even skimmed the surface of what we can do on marketing. Like, forget about like paid ads. Like paid ads are working but like we're not spending that much money on it. So first and foremost, like we gotta inject a little bit more money into it. But then also, like we haven't even touched influencer marketing or TikTok ads. We have millions on TikTok, organically. We're not paying any money. So it's like, what if we put a little money behind that. So there's so much - wild posters. So we did our first wild poster campaign a couple weeks ago in the city -
Investor question: What is that?
Ali: Yeah. So we basically had these signs, like plastered over the streets of New York, and they were cheeky and bright and they said like, yes, it's a lunch box. We had a hundred posters. What if we could do 100,000 posters? You know, there's things like this that are like - we're not even touching. But then things that we are touching that we haven't even like - we're doing it at such small scale and like I know what's working and what's not working and where we need to inject capital, and also where we need to test into. We just kind of need a chance to do so, cos we've laid this cool brand, we've laid a really strong foundation, we bootstrapped the company, built it into a multimillion dollar business, and now we just need to fuel the growth and the momentum.
Ali: Yeah. Thank you so much.
