Haydn Sonnad: we're kind of like South-West on the ground.
Investor question: Are you worried that school is going to get in the way of running this company?
Investor question: What sort of data do you have on that?
Haydn: Nice to meet all of you.
Investor question: How’s your day going today?
Haydn: It’s been kind of long. We had a plane ride out from LA so just got here.
Haydn: My name is Haydn and I'm a senior down at Agoura High School in LA.
Haydn: And last year when I got my license, I asked my dad if I could get a car. And he said sure, but only if I could find out a way to pay for it. So I came up with a plan to lease out a car for the summer, and drive people back and forth from LA to Vegas on the weekends to make up for the lease and insurance payments.
Haydn: So that was then, and here we are now. Tesloop is building the world's leading sustainable mobility service. We're perfecting inter-city transit between 50 and 300 miles. So we're here today raising $1 million to do this, $500,000 of which we've already closed. So to clarify, we're here today to raise $500,000 more.
Investor question: Are you a senior?
Haydn: Yeah, I'm a senior this year.
Haydn: When I originally leased it, I was 16, so I leased it under my... Well, that's kind of complicated, but my dad had it leased for me through a third-party service.
Investor question: Um so, where are you going to school, do you know?
Haydn: No.
Investor question: Where do you want to go to school?
Haydn: All my apps are due at the end of the month.
Investor question: So what's your first choice?
Haydn: Well, see there's two paths I'm either going to take. I'm either going to go out of state, but that really creates a problem with me working with Tesloop, still.
Haydn: Or I can stay in the area and still work with Tesloop. So I'm really undecided where I'm going to go to college. I'm applying to a lot of different universities, and...
Investor question: Are you worried that school is going to get in the way of running this company?
Haydn: I think there's going to be a point where I'm going to have to pick one to put all my time and effort into. And the way I'm seeing it, it's school.
Haydn: Well, there's five other people working full time right now. So...
Investor question: How old are they?
Haydn: No, they're not in school. They're very seasoned entrepreneurs.
Investor question: Are they as old as we are?
Haydn: Between mid-20s to 50s.
Haydn: And everyone's working full time.
Investor question: And what's your role at the company today?
Haydn: Right now I'm doing, well since school started, over the summer I work full time. And then I just kind of do side-tasks when I'm still working in school. Like today, I still had to go to school.
Investor question: How did you bring in your CEO? Where'd you find him and make that connection?
Haydn: The CEO is my dad.
Haydn: So I've known him for a little bit.
Investor question: Is it fleets? Can you explain exactly what it is? Is it just me?
Haydn: No, it's a good question. So we're kind of like South-West on the ground. Where we drive people from one city to another in Teslas —
Haydn: — between their pick-up points, for a pretty low economically-priced ticket.
Haydn: 50 to 300 is our targeted distance. That's what we call the electric haul, where the economics of electric cars really benefit you. Because further than that you have to charge the car too much. Shorter than that, a gas-powered car kind of benefits you because you don't have to charge.
Investor question: So how does that work? You get free charging?
Haydn: Yeah. We get free unlimited charging at the Supercharge booths.
Investor question: But everyone does, not just you?
Haydn: Everyone does.
Haydn: So I brought the idea up with Elon Musk at the shareholders meeting in 2015, and at that point he assured me that Tesla would pay for all of the fuel costs for long distance travel in the Model S forever.
Investor question: Do you mind me asking you how you got to Elon?
Haydn: Just at the shareholders meeting.
Investor question: So your father must be on the board?
Haydn: No. I just bought a couple of Tesla stocks in 2014, and so did he, so we were both able to get into the meeting. So then —
Haydn: — you can just stand in line pretty much and ask questions. And I asked him a question which resulted in him telling us, or telling everyone basically, that Tesla was going to supply free long-distance travel forever on their Supercharger network.
Haydn: As of right now they haven't drawn that line. We are in somewhat collaborating with Tesla. They're aware of what's happening. They're aware we're using it for commercial use. And right now, they haven't said anything about that. And there are a lot of people that work in the Tesla stores as well as executives that are aware that we exist. And they haven't had any issues yet.
Investor question: What's to say that Uber or any other ride-sharing would not just lift this?
Haydn: Well, we think there are a couple of reasons why Uber can't do this. The first is that, for the next four years this can only be done on Teslas. They have the only platform with the big batteries and super charging and nice cars that allows this model to happen. And for strategic reasons, Uber can't really work with Tesla, because then Tesla would have all the information to their sensory data and Uber would have none of that. So they'd be kind of losing all the information about their cars.
Investor question: Are you leasing the cars?
Haydn: Yes. Well, we have a leasing company that leases the cars for us, and then offers us a zero down. It's around $2500 to $3000 a month for the cars.
Investor question: How many cars?
Haydn: Right now we have one Model S and two Model Xs.
Investor question: And what cities are you servicing now?
Haydn: We launched between LA and Vegas, well LA and Orange County to Vegas and back.
Investor question: How are the routes booked? Does the driver wait in Palm Springs for a few hours if the timings don't match? And then you're paying the driver to wait?
Haydn: So right now we have two cars running in Palm Springs, and they leave at 8 am and 1 pm from Palm Springs. And then there's returns at 11am and 3pm.
Haydn: Those aren't specifically set times. How we've kind of been doing it right now where is if the first person to book wants it within an hour difference, we can accommodate that. And then the other people booking will just have to go with the first person's time.
Investor question: What's the cost?
Haydn: So, that's pretty dynamic on the day and the demand.
Haydn: You can book two months in advance.
Investor question: And what's the Palm Springs cost?
Haydn: And Palm Springs is $39 to $59.
Investor question: How long does that trip take?
Haydn: The trip's about two and a half to 2:45 to three, depending on traffic.
Investor question: Is that right?
Haydn: Yep. It is a shared car, so there will be a possibility... We have in the Model X, four available seats to book. In the Model S, three.
Haydn: Yeah, you still pay the same.
Investor question: How did you price this?
Haydn: We're pricing it basically to meet all of our expenses. We're not, as of right now, because the expenses are going to be trending towards zero in the future, this cost for right now is going to remain the same. And maybe two years from now, that's when we get really...
Investor question: Why would you only price this to cover your costs?
Investor question: What's the competition? How can you get from LA to Palm Springs, or LA to Vegas now?
Investor question: What are the competitors and what's the cost?
Haydn: So for Palm Springs, the only real other travel alternatives would be fly there, which is expensive. It's almost $200 or $250. You can take an Amtrak, but that's not a direct route.
Investor question: How about a bus?
Haydn: The buses aren't, we wouldn't call them competitors, because it's a completely different experience.
Investor question: So why not price yourself a bit higher no matter what?
Investor question: How much revenue did you do last month?
Haydn: Last month we did in total around 27 thousand.
Haydn: With three cars.
Investor question: How did you raise that? And what was the valuation?
Haydn: It's $1 million and a $6 million cap.
Haydn: We don't think Tesla is going to try and do this themselves. Elon Musk is not about creating city to city transit. Right now, one of his biggest focuses is on automating manufacturing. And there's a lot of focus on that from Tesla and the rest of his companies. We don't think Tesla directly will come into our exact model. And I would also differ to say that Tesla did create a platform to be built upon. They have open-sourced a lot of their data. They're very accepting of use of their Supercharging from us. And they have a lot of future implications that are going to arise from their platform.
Haydn: Yeah. It comes down to if we're at the scale where Tesla won't let us operate on this, we're going to have to pay for electricity. And that will all come into play in the future. But for the foreseeable future, there's no issues with Tesla and the Supercharging.
Haydn: Thank you.
Haydn: 17 right now.
Haydn: Well, to clarify, it would be community college in LA versus school out of state.
Haydn: I'll take that to heart.
