Jenna: . Jenna. Nice to meet you.
Jenna: ! My favorite radio voice!
Jenna: Okay. Thank you for having me. I'm Jenna Sereni. I am the founder and CEO of HandsDown, the first shopping platform built for communities and friends. So how many of you are in a group text with your friends? Or family? Yep, everybody. Okay. I'm on a group chat with my college friends. Well, a couple of years ago, we came together and decided to share our favorite things with each other that year. We made a spreadsheet, we each got a tab, and we tasked each other with just sharing our ten favorite things of the year. So we didn't really think much of the activity; we went about our days. But we quickly became obsessed with it, and we bought everything. My background is that I help pioneer influencer marketing. And my best friend has been in product at Etsy for over 12 years and she and I looked at each other and said, oh my gosh - we all just bought everything. As we had all of these people in this spreadsheet for a two-year period, we started tracking conversions and we found that our 24 friends over two and a-half years spent almost $34,000, which was about an annual average of $850 - 1000 per person. Well, a lightbulb went off. So HandsDown is a mobile app where you can share your absolute favorite things and favorite things by category. So your skincare routine, your favorite scary movies, the best finds at Trader Joes, the best vegan snacks. And we're also building tools for curators and creators and brands, so that you can share with communities that you relate to. We find that this is a $100 billion market opportunity across social commerce and retail media. Now 92% of consumers trust friends and family over all other sources of advertising or marketing. Word of mouth is by far the most powerful tool in building loyal relationships between consumers and brands and we're productizing that. Now at HandsDown, we are about to raise our seed round of $4 million to help us to scale our technology and our user growth, and help consumers to connect, discover, shop and earn together.
Investor question: So how much have you raised on the 4 million?
Jenna: So we have about a million dollars soft circled in the $4 million round. We are still talking to leads.
Investor question: How many, how many users do you have?
Jenna: Right now, we have about 4500 users. And I do have a demo for you as well, if you'd like.
Jenna: We've got a QR code.
Investor question: What is the revenue model?
Jenna: So allowing for brands to create a brand account and attach their back-end experience so that consumers can actually shop their brand in a universal shopping cart without ever leaving the HandsDown app. We earn anywhere from a 12 to 40% commission on those purchases. Where that gets really interesting is when you're in a micro-community like the Brooklyn moms, who, you know, love Bombas socks and it's back to school - Bombas can serve them a special offer in which we would earn a rev share on that.
Jenna: One thing is the biggest challenge for us, it's the indexing of all of this data. It's how do we really present this data in an organized way within search and in a way that makes it truly valuable for people, and that's something that I think some other platforms have struggled with. The other thing is in acquisition. So essentially, if we just go out there with a media model, right, and we're trying to acquire users on Meta platforms and such, we're going to be competing with the brands that we want to be partnering with. So instead, we're going for a community-based acquisition model. We're actually going to be leveraging creators to bring audiences in and experts. We call them really curators. We incentivize them to bring their people in. So they earn when they bring in an acquisition and they earn when that person engages as well.
Jenna: So they have so many platforms to engage with. One of the things that the curators have shared with us is that a) the platforms don't always allow for them to use their affiliate links. We want them to still be able to earn when people shop their recommendations. The other thing is we just want to provide the technology that makes it so easy to host a top ten list. Right now, they have to post on Instagram stories, they have to create videos, they have to take photos, they have to, you know code a blog, they have to have a TikTok video, edit it - it's a lot of work. We want to create a really low-lift way for them to share top ten lists that they can earn commissions off of.
Jenna: Yeah, definitely. We see this as like the perfect addition to a Linktr.ee. It's not for every single creator out there. We're not trying to provide a tool for MrBeast. We're not. And I literally - I actually was a part of creating the model that influencer marketing is today, so I always like to say first, I'm sorry. Second of all, we learned a lot, we're going to burn it to the ground and start fresh.
Investor question: So who are we up against? Who's doing this right right now that you're learning from?
Jenna: So our biggest competition is LTK. LTK stands for Like To Know, they merged with RewardStyle, they recently got a $2 billion valuation. And what they do is they allow for influencers to make their content shoppable. Now, they're known for having really strict terms, and as far as who can be an LTK influencer, you kind of have to be the perfect woman. And we want to really create something for the people, something that shows that everyone matters, you don't have to be perfect and beautiful in the photo and make your life look absolutely perfect in order for your recommendations to matter. We see Wirecutter as being really amazing. And then of course Pinterest, who has been trying for years to make their content shoppable And, you know, I think what we want to create is something that's complimentary to Pinterest.
Jenna: Yeah, so you'll still be able to do all of that. They could be micro or they could be macro communities. So macro being like the Brooklyn moms, which has 45,000 Facebook followers and all the recommendations kind of get lost in the ether, But then there's the group chat. That's a micro-community that you could actually host privately. And so that's something that we're creating, is somewhere that you can actually create a circle with your friends, this community, where you can share favorite things privately, just as your small circle of people.
Jenna: Some of the things that we've considered, are, you know, giving creators more of a space to kind of create their environment within the application. You know, almost create their page that houses their whole pop-up shop of recommendations, right. That can kind of help to solve for that.
Jenna: yeah.
Investor question: Does that answer your question?
Jenna: Definitely.
Jenna: That's a big part of our plan with this native app. We've kind of, you know, we wanted to start slow. We've been sort of bootstrapping. You know, we have a really impressive team considering what we've raised and what we've done in a short period of time. But especially myself as - my expertise is in commerce driving content, so that is like, you know, exactly where I want to go, I just want to do it really smartly. I don't want to throw out all of the product experiences that the other platforms have kind of, for the sake of competing with each other, and really think about what the right content opportunity is for this specific experience.
Jenna: It's great feedback. Thank you. We found that Google Sheets fulfilled that for us.
Jenna: But thank you. That's very, very valuable.
