Investor question: Did you know that?
Investor question: You represented Mother Teresa, right?
Investor question: So on the commercial side, do you have any signed orders?
Mike: How's it going?
Investor question: What's your name?
Mike: Hi, I'm Mike.
Mike: So, I'm Mike, with Shift. I was in the navy for seven years. I was on the bomb squad. I made deployments to Afghanistan and Central America.
Mike: That is the bomb squad, yes.
Investor question: Were you a marine?
Mike: I was in the navy. So… I was basically a technical expert for some of the world's best military units, I always had this very deep interest in technology. I just didn't know where I would fit or what some of the skills that I learned in the military would translate to the technology industry.
Mike: And I remember sitting across the table from one of the Vice Presidents at Coinbase. And he was telling me, he had just gotten out of the Air Force a few years before that. And as he was talking through how he had translated operations management and program management, some of these things that he did on a daily basis in the military, to something that could actually be of high impact and value at a growth stage company, , and I was like, why didn’t I know about this?
Mike: And this is an opportunity on a scale that was so breathtaking to me that I was almost angry at myself for not knowing that it existed. it was at that moment I realized that there was a ton of potential we could unlock And that’s when I decided to start Shift.
Investor question: Can you explain that more?
Mike: So what we do today is we facilitate internships largely at high-growth technology companies. So we work with recruiting teams, diversity inclusion teams, people operations, to find relevant fits based on people’s experiences in the military, and that’s the core technology that we’re building.
Mike: These are, so this is the interesting twist. These are active duty service members who are in their final couple months of military service, and they’re actually able to jump into companies before they even ever transition out of the military. And so it’s the onramp that didn’t exist when I left the military. and it gives service members a very low risk way to just try something out.
Mike: So the military still pays their salary.
Mike: That’s correct.
Mike: Thank you.
Mike: Well, thank you so much. Um. It would be a very deep honor to be a partner with you in this, and I'm very excited to be working on this together.
Investor question: So should we get right into revenue model, or what?
Mike: $5,000 per person.
Mike: Per position. And then they pay us an additional 20% of the first-year salary if a conversion takes place.
Investor question: But to be clear you haven't made that money yet?
Mike: We have made the money for the initial search. So we've signed fifteen positions at $5,000 a piece. But now it's our job to convert on those in the next three to four months.
Investor question: Is that the value prop to the employers?
Mike: That's exactly right. And also going deep into military backgrounds to give people credit for experiences beyond just their job title alone. So some of the most highly accomplished people in the military, maybe their title is Navy SEAL. But that, by the current transition process, they map Navy SEAL to these few underlying skills, and these skills...
Investor question: Are you able to do that? Is that right?
Investor question: How do you get that information from the service member, or from his resume?
Mike: because the military data set is so specific and so sparse, we're able to say if you were in the service for this many years, we can look at all the underlying military source documentation that tells us exactly what that person should be competent in.
Investor question: And they're all motivated to hire these people, right?
Investor question: And what is grit?
Investor question: How built out is the tech though?
Mike: So the product today, we can automate 50% of the application process. So we send out a weekly email to both vets, and when vets are really active on the email, and we’re seeing high click through rates, we’ll turn around them and feature them to different employer email lists as well.
Investor question: How many people are on the list right now?
Mike: 20,000 people on the list today.
Investor question: That you know this?
Mike: Thank you . I really, really appreciate that.
Investor question: How about 50?
Investor question: So you initially raised $1 million, you said, right?
Mike: We have $1 million raised for this round right now. And previously we raised $500,000 from Expa.
Investor question: And who else is in this round?
Mike: Box Group, here in New York. Gelt VC with Jake. The Full Tilt Capital, the managing partner there is Anthony Pompliano, he's an army veteran. Tim Ferriss, Howard Lindzon and a few other angels, as well.
Mike: Indeed, yes.
Investor question: How much is open after your guys’ commits?
Mike: That’s correct.
Investor question: Would you raise, I’m just thinking ownership, would you oversubscribe?
Mike: I would oversubscribe if it would be someone who could be a partner at Series A, basically.
Mike: Thank you, .
Mike: We know them very well, yes.
