Hunter: Yes. Hunter, nice to meet you.
Hunter: We’ve met a long time ago.
Hunter: Yes. Probably first class.
Hunter: Thank you. I’m glad that you notice it.
Hunter: Sweet.
Hunter: So we’re Lunar Wireless. And Lunar Wireless is the first bill-free carrier. And so if you’re wondering why I would start a wireless carrier, or why any young person would get into such an old industry, it’s because me and my co-founder honestly, we love phones. In the nerdiest way. My bar mitzvah theme was phone themed. My co-founder… So when I was 13 years old, there are printouts of me with giant blow-ups of iPhones and some of the first Android phones. Engadget logos. You name it. And then my co-founder was basically not even going to class in high school and building VOIP software. We are dweebs at our heart, we love phones.
Hunter: Basically, we had come across a study from Pew Research, if you have heard of it, they do a lot of studies on internet access across the country. And we found that four in ten people in Detroit don’t have broadband access. And we read this article and we were like, no way. And we started interviewing more and more people. And we found that yeah, it doesn’t just affect the four in ten people in Detroit - which by the way that number is emulated in a lot of American cities, and one in every four US adults is without constant internet access, which is crazy.
Hunter: Yes. Between the ages of 18 and 65
Hunter: The bill just doesn’t pay attention to your usage. It doesn’t pay attention to what you actually use. It’s like cable plans. When you buy like a thousand channels but you watch four. What if you could only pay for the channels you watch, you know
Hunter: Yeah, it’s crazy, right?
Hunter: And so we said, man, this is crazy. There has to be a better way to do this
Hunter: And we said, what if we charge people per app? People know what apps they’re using. What if we let them pay for unlimited data for only the apps they use on the days they use them and that’s it. And so that’s essentially what Lunar is. We call it a pay what you want model.
Hunter: And every month I would go do cash deposits at the back of the store. And we would hack all the phones, and we would literally sell them on the street. And that’s how we got kicked off. And now literally tomorrow we launch nationwide. So you’ll be able to buy a Lunar phone, it’ll come to your door, we don’t have to worry about paying cash in the back of the store.
Investor question: Explain that model a bit more? It’s per app, and based on your daily usage?
Hunter: Yeah. And I can actually give you a demo, if that’s okay. That’s probably the best way to do it. So this is one of the phones that you can buy on Lunar Wireless. It’s a Google Pixel. So the idea is that we basically, you fill up a balance. So you add five bucks on to your Lunar balance. And then when you open up an app, so let’s say I open up I don’t know, Fly Delta, it’ll say hey, you haven’t paid for data today. Please take this online. It’s 25 cents. We charge 25 cents per app, flat rate, no matter what the app is.
Hunter: Yes. Per app per day. So you get a full day’s worth of data access for that app?
Hunter: For 24 hours, yeah.
Investor question: And how much would that be?
Hunter: At the end of the month? So that's the cool part. The average monthly bill that we see is about $15 at the end of the amount. The highest bill we've ever seen is $48. And the American average right now is $73.
Hunter: I know. The base rate...
Investor question: What's the average margin?
Hunter: So it depends on the kind of app On a regular app, we'll do 11 cents on a 25-cent purchase.
Hunter: Like take, yeah.
Hunter: So power users are not trying to usurp the most amount of data from a single app, necessarily. They're trying to be the most cost-effective at the end of the month. That involves being on Wi-Fi as much as possible, using apps offline, downloading your news in the morning and reading it offline later. Power users from our standpoint are a little bit different from the power users that you think of. And that's the cool part. That's the fun part. When we interview our customers, the thing they say is it's like a secret hack. It's a tool that we can use to get back at the carriers, pay what we want, right?
Investor question: Can I ask the questions I think you guys are getting to?
Hunter: Yeah. So basically...
Hunter: Basically, right now, when you go to a carrier and they say it’s unlimited, it’s not. You hear the fine print. Once you break a certain gigabyte data allowance, uhh then it’ll go ahead and uhh slow down. It’s called throttling. And throttling is a pain in the butt when you have a one gig plan on Metro, and you accidentally watched an HD video in 4K and you used all of your data for the rest of the month, and now every single app is slow. So we do throttle. But there’s two asterisks to our throttling. The first is that, first of all if you’re a good user and you’re barely abusing it every day, why not just let you have the good experience that day, right? You just build a model out of it, right. Make sure that we can take an acceptable amount of loss on certain apps or in certain places. And then the second thing that we do is we throttle on a per app per day basis. So if you’re sitting on YouTube and you’re watching 4k all day, we’re going to slow down YouTube And it’s only throttled for the day. And look, at the end of the day, our average is $15 a month versus the $73. I think the value prop is stronger, the throttling is better than throttling for the whole month for every app. That’s painful.
Hunter: Not necessarily. I think my answer back is the same thing you guys pointed at me. It's 200, it's small. And like all of it is small. And all of it was just proof points we needed in order to get the deals to be able to scale with no question. And now people can buy a phone from Lunar, it'll ship to their door, we don't have to worry about anything. And now we can focus on building a better model, making sure that we're getting to the right customers, that we're bringing on the right people that it's not going to be a spare phone.
Hunter: You know how labor intensive it is to scratch the word, I'm not giving the right name, I'm just going to say one, MetroPCS off a SIM card and then put it in a phone and then manually hack the phone yourselves and then box them.
Hunter: Go tell my team to pack phones and stuff? They have other stuff to do. It's so much logistics. Do any of you really want to get, I mean maybe you do invest in hardware, but do you really want to get in that space if that's not what you know and do? Right like we love phones, we love having great phones, we love understanding the hardware. But we built software for them, we built operating systems for them. And so spending our time doing that and figuring that out would be a temporary solution.
Hunter: The real solution is this whole innovative model of shipping directly from the OEM. Which, by the way, BLU is not the only who's agreed to it. BLU is the only one I can talk about.
Investor question: You've got two, right?
Hunter: So, and there aren't that many smartphone manufacturers, so two is a lot.
Investor question: So what are the barriers to entry here?
Hunter: Yeah I mean, the first thing is it's an old and ugly business. This is telco. This is an old business. And it isn't as easy as just getting a deal. They're actually made it as more gatekeepers than anything. So they're not out there sourcing deals. Verizon isn't out there, like please everybody, come do a partnership with us. So these deals are not super common. And like all the whole process of paying per app is patented. And so all of that is our core technology. And then, in terms of the hardware manufacturers, this is notoriously hard.
Investor question: But why are you the right team to take on this challenging role, or challenging project?
Hunter: So for my co-founder and I, other than just passion, my co-founder has been building VOIP software since he was 14 years old. Voice over IP. Phone software.
Hunter: Well, he's 19 now. So he's been building VOIP software for a while. And then for me I got kicked out of AP Physics in senior year for literally hacking phones in class. I mean, this is what we live for. We've been building products like this for a while. I've built over 30 consumer products to have gone viral. The rest of our team is also insane. We've built an awesome team of people that just build internet products. We are not a telco company in the traditional sense. We are a bunch of people that build consumer mobile products and internet products. We said, let's take this and apply it to telco.
Investor question: So how much have you raised altogether?
Hunter: 4.1.
Hunter: We didn’t spend any.
Investor question: So how much have you deployed?
Hunter: We only spent about a million of it. We’re in Detroit. It’s cheap.
Investor question: And how much are you raising at this moment?
Hunter: So we have about 2 million in space left open. We’ve kind of said, all right, we’re going to leave 2 million in space open, it’s a million for OEM partners. And we leave another million in space open for VCs that we think are awesome and really could help us push the business forward.
Investor question: And what’s the valuation?
Hunter: The last valuation cap that we raised on was a 14.
Investor question: Was a 14?
Hunter: Yeah.
Hunter: Yeah, no, that's fine.
Hunter: Exactly. I'm not hungry for cash.
Hunter: It was a different price back then.
Hunter: Absolutely.
Investor question: But don’t you want that as a seed investor?
Hunter: That hour’s crazy man, what a task. What a task!
Hunter: Yeah for sure. I thought it would be fun, but it was VERY fun. You guys collect an amazing group of investors in the room…that are so different and also so with it, and forward thinking. But honestly, amazing stuff. I’m so hyped this is fun.
Hunter: Yunno I don’t like to call shots beforehand, but if they can work on the price I think so. I mean they seem super value add. It’s not just about closing it’s about making sure they’re the right people. Making sure that as we follow up over the next few weeks that I feel we can really work with them and they can be amazing partners in the future. But as the time goes on, we will see.
Investor question: So what were you valuing it at at?
Hunter: I was just gonna see what you guys are comfortable with.
