Cesar: How you doing?
Cesar: All right. Great. How’s it going guys? It’s a pleasure to be here. So let me just tell you a little bit about my background. when I left school I started working in advertising in New York City
Cesar: I realized that a lifelong frustration of mine has always been my memory. And every time throughout my life when I’ve tried to keep a journal, an actual written diary about my life, I would do it for three or four days and then I would stop. And I realized, man, I don’t want to turn 40 one day and looking back at ten years prior, my life was already becoming such a blur, I didn’t want to suddenly turn 40 one day, and only sort of remember this year off when I was 30.
Cesar: So what is the minimal amount that I need to do to be able to capture enough information about a day so that I never forget a day of my life ever again? So I started recording One Second Everyday.
Cesar: I dedicated my life to trying to build a product that made it easy for anybody to do what I was doing for myself.
Investor question: What is the actual product?
Cesar: Basically, I built the app that I wish I had when I was doing this myself by editing literally one second videos together.It automatically sorts all your photos and videos by the date in which they were created. And it allows me to go into any given day, whenever I feel like it, and just select the one moment that I want to use for that day. And we store it into the app and that’s it.And then whenever you want to watch it, you just press play.
Investor question: What was the revenue in 2017?
Cesar: 1.3 million.
Investor question: What does usage and engagement look like on the app?
Cesar: So we have about 400,000 monthly active users right now. About 100,000 daily active users.
Investor question: How many total downloads?
Cesar: Total, over 2 million.
Investor question: And what kind of metrics are you most focused on?
Cesar: So one of the things that we track, for example, is just moments logged. Lifetime, we’ve logged about 65 million kind of moments or something. But just in the past nine days, we’ve logged 19 million of them. So we know that there’s this gigantic rise.
Investor question: What’s your age group?
Cesar: We’re, I mean, I think we fall into the usual category of like anywhere between 20, 24 - 35 is actually probably our core thing. Because a lot of our users are moms, and new parents are using the app to log the life of their kids, instead of themselves.
Cesar: Travel is huge for us, yes.
Investor question: And what’s your burn?
Cesar: Less than 100,000. About 90 plus.
Cesar: A month. That’s our burn.
Investor question: You don’t have a burn?
Cesar: No. We make more than we spend. We’re profitable, yes. Sorry.
Investor question: How much is the app?
Cesar: It’s a 4.99 app.
Cesar: Right now, it’s a one-time fee. So that’s obviously not a long-term good monetization strategy. We’ve been building a subscription tiers that is, yanno, has a bunch of the features that people have been asking us forever, so that we can actually have a recurring revenue.
Investor question: Like what?
Cesar: Like a lot of the stuff that we’re coming out with, hopefully in the next six to eight weeks, is pretty simple stuff, like backup, being able to add music, being able to have longer seconds, being able to have more seconds per day. So there’s just a bunch of stuff. We sent out a survey to our users saying hey, here’s 16 things we’re thinking about building. What are the most important things that you want and put them in order. And then a thousand people replied, and after they replied we said, would you be willing to pay a fair yearly fee to actually have these features? 50% said yes.
Investor question: Why do you think people are going to pay a subscription? And how much and what are you thinking for?
Cesar: So right now we have the yearly subscription price at $30 a year…
Cesar: What we’re trying to build right now is the value for our current users based entirely around features.So this is just about our power users,who are dying for some of these extra things, and abilities to do, who have five years of their life logged in with us and just want more. They don’t want less.
Investor question: So tell us why it’s so compelling that you are going to be one of the first and only apps to get a subscription out of these people?
Cesar: I agree 100%, which is one of the reasons why we’ve avoided raising money for a long time. Because we knew that raising money would essentially mean we have to become the thing that we’re probably kind of trying to be not.
Investor question: So you’ve never raised a dime?
Cesar: We’ve never raised a single dime. We’ve only hired when we could afford it.
Cesar: Yeah absolutely. I mean it keeps me up at night, right? Part of the reason why I’ve just, we were like, hey, I think there’s a lot of good things happening here. I think we finally need some rocket fuel because we’re moving pretty slowly.
Investor question: How do you build any kind of moat here?
Cesar: I can’t, I mean the best answer I can give you is that I’m really passionate about what I wish existed in the world right now that doesn’t. And I think that Facebook and Twitter have become these, you know... Their entire business model is about grabbing people’s attention right now. And to me there’s a gap in the market. I see so many friends of mine who just quit social media altogether. They’re like, I’m out. I can’t do this anymore, here’s my phone number, if anybody needs me.
Cesar: And Facebook just recently in their last quarterly said they lost a million users. And I talk to some of these people, and I’m like, what do you wish existed? What is a social media version that works for you? And I think a lot of what they say is so much connected to what we are as a platform.And so, I think that there’s a lot that we’re trying to do with an ad-free model, the same way that people love Netflix and people love Slack, because you’re paying a subscription and now they can dedicate all their time to giving you value, instead of dedicating all their time on how to sell you to someone else.
Investor question: How do you think about taking on VC?
Cesar: I’ve been asking myself the same question, especially the past two years, as really things have been really moving. I would say the first two years it was just me. I just thought, hey, I’ll build an app, that goes on the app store and I’ll get some passive income from it. And then slowly, things kind of crept up.It took a while [06:17:00] to see maybe this is a ___ company.if we do raise it then we do it right. And so yesterday, I had a meeting with GreyLock* who reached out to me and said, hey, we’ve been paying attention, we’d love to talk. And I said cool. We had a conversationAnd you know they painted out some scenarios that actually make some sense to me. So for example if they were to put in a bunch of money, they want a billion dollar company. They want the next Facebook right? But they’re like, there are some seeds that you can take that will give you one and a half, to two, to three mil, like you’re thinking, where the pressure is not going to be as much, where you can test the waters and see if this is something that can become the next Facebook.
Investor question: What do you want?
Cesar: Well basically, I’ll be honest, I don’t want to completely... I’m trying to avoid the get to Facebook level or die trying. I want to test the waters on what we’re trying to do in a way that if it doesn’t work,then what we’ve built is still there so that we can continue to just grow at the pace we’ve been growing at continue to build the stuff that we’re trying to build.
Cesar: I mean, we’re doing it. We’re working on it.
Cesar: If that’s the case, if no one is willing to invest at our stage, at a 1 - 3 million, for us to throw all this fuel into building this quickly, then we’re prepared to do it, we’re getting enough revenue to do it ourselves.
Cesar: I agree. I think the only variable for me that’s there is that if we do do it on our own, it’s just going to take us longer. And that’s the only problem.
Cesar: Right. Yeah, and I think a lot of what we’re doing right now is having these conversations.maybe we’re not a venture capital business. Maybe we’re just an awesome 100 million dollar business some day with a lot of people who passionately love what we’re doing and how we’re trying to do it.
