Vanessa: So it’s one of the things that’s really frustrating. I mean, what progress have we seen NASA do really since the Apollo mission?
Vanessa: Okay. Hello. Good morning. So we're Atomos. So we're a space company.
Investor question: What's it called?
Vanessa: Atomos. So I guess to set the stage a little bit, so I'm Australian living in Denver. And when I want to go visit my family, drive to the airport, I take a tram to the correct terminal, I take a 747 across the ocean, I then take a smaller aircraft to my parents' hometown and then I drive to my parents' house. So imagine if the only transportation infrastructure we had was the Boeing 747. I would have to take a Boeing 747 to Denver and land in my parents' driveway. Then imagine if I deplaned, being the only passenger, and then the plane self-destructed and I couldn't travel any further. So this constrained transportation infrastructure actually exists in one industry today. And that's the space industry.
Vanessa: But launch vehicles or rockets, are only really good for getting into space. They're not good for doing the last mile - or in space really the last 20,000 miles. They're not very good at precision placement of assets. So at Atomos we're helping to solve this problem. So we are developing a spacecraft that is optimized to move other spacecraft in space.
Investor question: So where are you in this business? I mean, are you doing this? Are you raising money? Is this a PowerPoint? Where are you at?
Vanessa: So the technical work on this company has been ongoing since 2013. So my background's in aerospace. So I've worked for two large aerospace companies and the German space agency DLR.
Investor question: Can you give a little depth?
Vanessa: So to begin with I started in launch vehicle design. I was in the Future Launch Vehicle division at Airbus Defense and Space for a few years.
Vanessa: It was a dream job on paper. But in reality, there isn't that much innovation because everyone is so risk averse.
Vanessa: So from that role I moved to the German space agency, and I worked in interplanetary mission design. So focused on very high capacity in-space transportation systems. So to move about in space, you should be using different types of rocket engines and propulsion than to get to space. Which is something that we haven't quite got into yet.
Investor question: Have you launched anything yet?
Vanessa: So our company has not. But in my career, I have worked on about nine spacecraft. Three of these have launched, and one is actually a flagship NASA mission which is launching next year.
Vanessa: Sure.
Investor question: You’re not a rocket scientist?
Vanessa: Yes.
Vanessa: So the key driving factor is that our engines and spacecraft are optimized only for in-space transportation. If we break up delivering a satellite into two segments, getting to space, moving about in space, we can optimize it. The average cost to access low orbit is only $35 million. If that satellite wanted to go directly to its target orbit, which is typically an altitude of 20,000 miles, it would cost more than 100 million.
Vanessa: On average, yes.
Vanessa: So the satellite is launched to this low orbit. Our spacecraft, which is essentially a space tug, it rendezvouses with the rocket upper stage, retrieves the satellite and transfers it to its final destination. And we can reuse our space tug. So we then cycle back down to the low orbit, pick up another satellite, and it can perform this several times before we need to refuel it.
Investor question: So why isn’t NASA doing this?
Vanessa: So NASA, um... NASA had planned to have this infrastructure when they created the space shuttle. So the space shuttle, as you know, could only take astronauts to a low orbit, so maximum 800 kilometers altitude which is where the Hubble space telescope was. Why would NASA, after going to the moon, decide that they only needed to reach 800 kilometers? They actually also designed a vehicle like this, a space tug, to take astronauts to the moon, to Mars and beyond, but it got de-budgeted. It got defunded.
Investor question: Why? Why did that get de-budgeted?
Vanessa: The space shuttle budget and operating cost was 10x above expectations. It’s also because NASA’s budget gets set at a yearly cadence, and the missions get rewritten with every administration. So it’s one of the things that’s really frustrating. I mean, what progress have we seen NASA do really since the Apollo mission? You know, for Apollo they had a set goal, they went and executed. Now, they’re sort of, let’s just fund technology department.
Vanessa: Exactly. This is one thing that enables our business model. So this $35 million cost to low orbits is only going to get lower. But the cost to high orbits is going to stay about the same. SpaceX is decreasing it a little bit but not by orders of magnitude, like a lot of the new commercial companies are doing for the low orbit.
Investor question: Is this on Elon Musk’s radar?
Vanessa: So first Elon Musk. They don’t need it. They already have a majority of the market capture. Our system enables every other company to compete with SpaceX on a cost point and beat them on…
Investor question: So does SpaceX have a space tug?
Vanessa: No. They don’t need it right now. They don’t need it.
Investor question: Why?
Vanessa: For two reasons. So first... I guess three reasons. So firstly, SpaceX’s reliability isn’t top tier. The US government still wants to launch with the heritage providers.
Vanessa: But the thing is that a launch vehicle is expendable. It is a one-use system. Would you like to fly in a plane that’s flown once? Or would you like to fly in a space tug that has flown hundreds of times and been demonstrated to be reliable.
Vanessa: Now, okay, so the difference between a space tug and a space rocket is that 90% of a rocket is propellant. You have something that is thinner than an aluminum can with a computer on top. That’s a rocket with a rocket engine. Our system is more of an aircraft. It has more safety systems, more redundancy, more reliability.
Investor question: But you don’t have, really, a viable product yet?
Vanessa: No.
Vanessa: Yes.
Investor question: Between now and 2022, you need $35 million dollars?
Vanessa: So that's... Okay, that's to launch the spacecraft. To develop and build the spacecraft, our total capitalization needs are going to be... You're going to widen your eyes at this. It's going to be around $160 million. Now, more than 50% of that can come from non-dilutive funding and government sources. We are also partnering with companies who have developed this technology before and looking at joint commercialization agreements such as profit sharing. So our raise strategy, worst case scenario we're looking at raising over the next four years a total of 80 million over four raises.
William: About 70
Vanessa: Seventy. Over four raises.
Investor question: And how will that be used?
Vanessa: Okay. So we are currently in pre-seed round. We’re about 50% of the way through our raise. It’s just a one million pre-seed for some of our key business and technical risks. So there is a lot of technical work to do. But we’re looking to launch a demonstration mission in end of 2020 or early 2021.
William: So the million dollars now as Vanessa was mentioning is really to get us to a preliminary design review.
William: So it's to be able to hire on full time some of the technical contractors that we have and build out the technical team to get to that milestone.
Vanessa: So I think one thing I want to add, so with this one million, in addition to burning down business risk and securing these partnerships, we are building value. So all of the IP that we're developing, all of the license agreements we're securing, is technology that DARPA, the DOD and NASA will want in the next five to ten years. So we make ourselves very valuable for acquisition or future investment. So-
Investor question: So is your idea to get acquired before you launch?
Vanessa: So that is the most likely exit strategy in aerospace, is acquisition by a large aerospace company.
Vanessa: Yes. Actually.
Vanessa: I mean, the true motivation was when I was an advanced concepts engineer and realized that the tech for this business could also get humans to Mars in 30 days. We want to push the envelope in terms of knowledge. But I mean, it’s also a fantastic opportunity. We’ve highlighted technologies that the large aerospace companies and NASA will want within the next decade. And we’re securing all of that IP.
Investor question: Who would be your customer in five or ten years?
Vanessa: Yeah. So there are I guess three groups of satellite operators who we're in discussions with right now. So there's government customers. There are the large telecommunications companies such as Comcast, and they are the most lucrative providers. They are also looking to replenish the satellites that they have in deep orbits at a more a rapid rate to keep up with technology advancements and bandwidth.
Investor question: Like the broadband market satellites, those are all in lower Earth, right?
Vanessa: No, so currently geostationary Earth orbit is still the most lucrative orbit.
