Jen: So you know unicorn companies, obviously? The giant companies that billion dollar valuation.
Jen: So we’re building a different kind of company that we call a zebra.
Investor question: How are you?
Jen: Well, my name’s Jennifer Brandel. I’m the CEO and founder of Hearken. And the seeds for my company were actually planted a long time ago when I was a little kid. So I was like ten, eleven years old, sitting in the back of my parents family station wagon. Summer, going to a softball game, my dad was driving. And the Love Hurts by Nazareth came on the radio. Do you guys remember that one? Exactly. Love Hurts came on the radio. And my dad, I remember he cranked up the volume and we were singing along, you know, summer breeze flowing through the car. And as we were driving and going past the suburban strip malls and everything, I saw Hertz rental car company. And I thought ‘love hurts’. Love Hertz. Like, they should use that as their theme song. That would be amazing. They could see cars just breaking down and people waiting in long lines, and then here comes Hertz to the rescue, right? It would become really sticky and a fun way to remember the brand. But there were two problems. One was that I was eleven years old and I knew nobody in advertising. And then two is something that I learned as an adult, which is that even if there’s a way to tell someone something, if there’s no process by which they can listen to you and actually take that feedback and respond, then it might as well go into a black hole.
Jen: And we’ve found that these stories that are coming from the public, that are coming from ideas outside of the newsroom, perform 11 to 15 times better than traditional stories, they generate email addresses which convert to paying members or subscribers at 2 to 5x, and they end up producing just original content that you would never find anywhere else. So my company Hearken is about three years old now. We’re in about 150 news rooms. And we’re just about approaching a million ARR. And are here to raise 3.5 million for our next stage of growth.
Jen: Yeah, definitely. All right. So here we go to my laptop. I’ll show you how this works. So this is our technology, it works on mobile as well. It’s super simple. So the public can ask questions here, they can vote on each other’s ideas, they can see the resulting stories below.
Jen: Exactly. And it’s all based on curiosity. It attracts people who are humble enough to say, I don’t know something. Hey journalist, your job is to find out new information that doesn’t exist. This is a question that I have. Whether it’s about my community or a special topic or whatever that may be. And then the newsroom can curate the best questions, put them up for a vote, and let the audience ultimately help drive coverage. What we find is that a) the coverage is much more original and interesting than typical stuff. They’re not chasing their competitors or following whatever’s trending on Twitter. So they’re producing great information. But also it creates trust with the people that they’re serving.
Investor question: Can you give me an example of a story that never would have happened without this?
Jen: Oh that’s a great question. Umm So in Nashville, there's a station that we work with, a public radio station called WPLN. And this woman Denise was just walking around her neighborhood and she came across a park that was called Fred Douglas Park. And she just wondered, who's Fred Douglas? You know, I knew who Frederick Douglass is, the famed abolitionist, but I don't know a Fred Douglas.
Jen: And so she went and she asked the newsroom and said who's Fred Douglas? And you know, the newsroom decided this is interesting. Let's put it up for a vote. They ended up putting it up for a vote. The public said, yeah, who is this Fred Douglas? Well, it turns out, after the newsroom started looking into this, that Fred Douglas was actually supposed to be named Frederick Douglas Park 80 years earlier, but it was a racist slight that happened in City Council.
Jen: And they rededicated the park to Frederick Douglas, put in a correct sign, had a Frederick Douglass impersonator there, and dedicated it to the African American community, because this woman just wanted to know who is this guy. And you can imagine if Denise would have walked into City Council and said who's Fred Douglas? They would have said, scram, we've got better things to do. But because a news organization was involved, that citizen actually had power that they never would have had otherwise without that combination.
Investor question: Can you tell us about the unit economics?
Jen: Yeah. The unit economics. So we charge about $9,000 per license for a newsroom to use our technology and our methodology for the course of a year. But we have partners all the way up to the BBC who are paying far more than that.
Investor question: What’s your churn rate with your client base?
Jen: So right now, it’s about 70% we retain. And what we’ve learned from the 30% that have been churning is actually the reason they stop working with us is because someone moves on from their job. There’s a lot of turnover in the news industry.
Jen: It is a high churn rate. Well, here’s the thing. We’re not a SAAS company. Yet. When I first started, I thought we were a SAAS company. I thought, oh, we’ll just build a tool. We’ll teach newsrooms how to use it. And then poof, they’re going to change their relationship with the public. What we’ve learned is that we need to do a ton of market education. And then the technology becomes super, super useful. But we’re helping newsrooms transition from looking at the public as a consumer to looking at them as a partner.
Investor question: Or what do you mean by that?
Jen: We do. So in terms of right now, we’re not like a turnkey self-service SAAS. We will be in a few years where we won’t have to spend so much time educating the folks that we’re bringing on board.
Investor question: How long does it take you to get them up and going?
Jen: Yeah, the average is six months from the first conversation to signing and having it in the bank. And this is, like, I’ve talked to many people who work in the news industry, this is about as fast it gets, unfortunately. Their budget cycles are pretty locked year to year.
Jen: Yes. And that’s why, one of the reasons why we’re raising money right now, is to add two sides to the current door that our partners are walking through. So the first is to do more education up front so that the newsroom has more training. The second part is we’re working on connecting the dots between all of their data systems, so they can see exactly how people’s questions translate into dollars for their business. What we found is that people who ask questions via Hearken, we collect their email addresses 56% of the people who are giving their email address subscribe to a newsletter. That’s huge lead generation for the sales side, even if you’re a non-profit or a for profit.
Jen: In part because we haven't gotten deep enough into their organization yet for them to start seeing the business value. It takes about two years for them to go from...
Jen: I mean we do emails, campaigns through the process of selling. A lot of times it's for them, we're hiring a new person, so we need to wait for them to get on board. A lot of times people say yes after the second meeting we have with them, it just takes six months to go through getting that person on board, that stakeholder, getting the billing department on board and having the signed contract. So it's not necessarily that they're saying no for that amount of time. It's between first conversation, contract signed.
Jen: The thing ends up collapsing because if it's not in the right person's hand in editorial that they pass it off within editorial, then we have to retrain someone to be the torch bearer for it.
Jen: Yeah. Definitely. And we are not looking for the kind of investor that you are.
Investor question: And why couldn’t I just do that?
Jen: Part of what makes us less scalable right now is what makes us more defensible. Is because it’s not just a simple tool. It’s about the mindset shift. So we’ve had a lot of newsrooms say, oh, why don’t we just use Google Forms or Poll Daddy or Survey Monkey or what not? They start and then they stop because they haven’t actually done the methodology in a way that we can teach people to.
Jen: Yes.
Jen: Yes.
Investor question: And what would that bundle look like?
Jen: It is dramatically underpriced. And so we’ve been clever in creating a subsidy program for foundations to put money in to help pay for our work for the moment while the news industry starts to see the value, to show them how.
Investor question: How much of that is foundation money?
Jen: About 200,000. Subsidized. Yeah.
Jen: Yeah. The subsidies range from 25 to 75% depending on the newsroom and how much that they’re able to pay.
Jen: Yeah. Definitely. And we are not looking for the kind of investor that you are.
Jen: we’re looking for investors who are at the stage that we’re at right now, supporting a company that’s looking at both the value that we’re generating in the world in terms of what democracy requires at this moment and the business itself...
Jen: Have you heard of, so you know unicorn companies, obviously? The giant companies that billion dollar valuation.
Jen: So we’re building a different kind of company that we call a zebra. I don’t know if you’ve heard of zebras.
Jen: Okay. So I started zebras. It’s a company that’s both black and white. It’s for profit and for purpose. And it’s about generating shared prosperity and our value systems align. It doesn’t mean we can’t be a wildly profitable business. The other thing is, I agree with you, media is a very tough business right now. It’s kryptonite to add consulting to it. I totally understand this. And this is one of the reasons we are casting our net wide to try and find the right people to invest in the company at this stage.
Investor question: And can you talk a little bit more about you? What did you do before this?
Jen: So I’m a curious person by nature. So my entire life I’ve spent just trying to figure out juicy questions and spending time answering them. So I’ve done everything from working in a vineyard in Tasmania to psychometric test development in Montreal to ghost writing for John Hughes to starting a craft company. This is my third company, or third idea that’s gone global, that’s gone to more than a dozen countries around the world. This is the first one I’m trying to make into an actual business, though. The other ones are more kind of ideas that have been incepted and then carried around the world.
Jen: Oh, thanks.
