Andrea: We're the moonshot company you've been looking for. You either believe in is, or don't. You can get caught up in the details, or you can understand that we’re going to solve these problems.
Andrea: Alright. Let’s do this.
Andrea: A few years ago, I went to a shopping mall. Had money burning a hole in my pocket. I wanted to buy a trench coat from one of those fancy British brands. I walked in excited and I walked out with nothing. That day I went to dozens of stores at that mall, and I couldn’t give my money away. And retailers are in the business of taking money. And it turns out that I’m too short and too fat for luxury fashion. But I’m five feet tall, which means I’m petite, which is 50% of all American women. I’m also size 18, which means I’m 67% of all American women because I’m plus. I’m the average woman and I can’t buy clothing. But rather than start my own fashion brand I said, how are clothes made? How does this all work? What are sizes? And I turned to my partner who’s a mechanical software engineer and a 3D printing expert and said, why aren’t clothes made the way 3D printed objects are? And he said. I don't know, that’s probably how it should work. And that’s what we’re doing. I’m Andrea Madho, co-founder and CEO of Lab141. For premium direct to consumer fashion brands, we manufacture their clothing using our robotics, analytics and logistics in 72 hours made in America.
Andrea: So the future of advanced manufacturing is localized micro factory production. We’re raising $5 million in order to kit out our first facility, to make our first hires, and to fulfil the unmet needs of brands. Join us as we change everything.
Andrea: Thank you.
Investor question: So how does this work exactly?
Andrea: So for a consumer, they’re buying their typical, from their brand So on the brand’s site buy now, only available limited quantities. So that’s what the consumer would see. They would click on that button and then they’re transferred to our website so we ask 20 questions the way a lot of brands do what are your favorite brands, what size do you normally wear, how would you like that adjusted, normally? How does it not meet your needs? We ask the questions, we get their purchase data. And then we drop ship. We actually manufacture and drop ship.
Andrea: Yes.
Andrea: Yes. So this is one way to capture anybody. And by anybody, this means if you’re tall, petite, plus. If you’re in a wheelchair. It’s actually just a little button on our algorithm that changes it
Investor question: And how do you work with a brand?
Andrea: About two weeks before a launch They would send us their fabric and their pattern they would be sending us their patterns, we would digitize it, we'd put it in our system and we would try it on five actual humans. We would make five samples. In extremes. So we have someone who's one of our fit models is four six and three quarters. We have someone who's quite large. Typical fashion is one fit model per brand. We want the extremes.
Andrea: So this is at the premium end of the market. We can't compete with items that are $30. It's between $250 and about $500
Investor question: What part of it are you keeping though?
Andrea: They get, we only charge them for the manufacturing part of it So our cost to them would be about $150. If it was a $400 item, they get the difference.
Investor question: So you’re a modern cut and sew?
Andrea: Yes
Investor question: Where are you doing the manufacturing now?
Andrea: So we are a pre-revenue startup. And we've been bootstrapped, my partner and I. So part of it's been in Park Slope Brooklyn.
Andrea: Grand... World headquarters is bedroom number two.
Andrea: We also have a small manufacturing facility in Syracuse, New York.
Andrea: So I'll tell you about them. One of the challenges with a lot of the fit companies, or the fit algorithms, is that no one is actually making the clothes. And that's the fundamental problem. So I used one of those apps where you put in your measurements, and it searches out the internet for millions of units. And then it suggests what you can buy. When I put in my measurements and I'm the average American woman, so I'm plus, petite and short waisted, it came back with zero. So the fundamental problems with a lot of these fit algorithms is that the clothes don't exist.
Andrea: And that's what we're solving
Investor question: So how do you, how do you respond to that?
Andrea: I love that question because we get it all the time. Designers don’t actually run their companies. Bean counters do. And they all want money. Brand dilution doesn’t come from someone chubby like me wearing their brand. It comes from the fact that most people are waiting until it goes on sale before they buy it. It’s brand dilution because they’re not paying full price. When you do made to fit, it is 100% margin. It never gets discounted. And that’s the dilution that no one really wants to talk about, and that’s what we solve.
Andrea: So returns are, um, that's on the brand. We're a manufacturer. So if there is a manufacturing flaw, we will take that. It's up the brand to decide how they want to deal with their customer
Andrea: 0.1% of luxury clothes are available to the 67% of American women. There are people... Oprah can't buy off the rack. There are lots and lots of...
Andrea: But the ones who can, don't have access to it.
Investor question: Yeah, but do you think that's an $80 billion market?
Andrea: It's very hard to quantify what can't be assessed. That's what I'm saying So quantifiable data is what we ultimately are. So for brands who want to redeploy their inventory, we can tell them where their missed opportunity is.
Andrea: So we are a data company, make no mistake. We have all kinds of information about consumers, about brands, about purchases, it's all of it. We're doing something very big. We're the moonshot company you've been looking for. You either believe in is, or don't. You can get caught up in the details, or you can understand that we're going to solve these problems. This is the, this is the holy grail of manufacturing. It’s no sizes, no inventory, infinite data.
Andrea: No risk
Andrea: Clearly. This is a huge market. And it's very complicated. And everyone asks why has no one gone in there. Most brands don't make their own clothes. They're all made by other factories, overseas or domestically. And that innovation, there's no incentive for those existing manufacturers to innovate. It's because there's low cost sewing, so there's no need to innovate. And we did, so there are lots and lots of moving pieces. But we're going to solve them because we have to. Because this is why we exist. This is my purpose.
Andrea: So we’ve completed our MVP for this process. And we need a lot of money. This is a hardware startup. Everyone knows, hardware is hard.
Investor question: What kind of hardware are you buying?
Andrea: So we have invented a single ply cutting table that my partner and I are on the patents for. We need to do a much more robust prototype of this cutting table to make it for prime time. We also have some extended technology. It’s not just cut and sew. The future isn’t millions of people hunched over a sewing machine.
Andrea: We’ve also tested bonding technology, so that some of the seams will actually be bonded, not sewn, to automate the manufacturing up to about 80%. We’re not ready for prime time. We have gone from end to end with small units. We’ve done ten. But we have all these brands...
Andrea: Internally ten... We’ve made ten dresses, and then we did that cycle a second time. So we’ve made a total of 20. But that was enough for the brands that we’ve spoken to. Because they want us, they want to start sending us their fabric.
Investor question: So you have massive purchase orders right now from these brands?
Andrea: We have 31 companies that would like to pilot with us.
Investor question: How, where’s it going to? What’s it going to?
Andrea: So that’s going towards hiring our first ten people And that includes three data scientists, two ahh... engineers. Mechanical engineers. And then we have two more software engineers. We expect that this is going to be growing exponentially. But we need to deliver on these first 31 customers. We need to at least deal with the first one. So I’ve completed MVP And we need to kit out a facility. We’re looking at the Brooklyn Navy Yard. Just to start on...
Investor question: But why 5 million?
Andrea: Well, we’re not a retail startup. We’re an advanced, we’re a hardware manufacturer. And so we need a facility.
Investor question: What kind of valuation do you have at the 5 million raise?
Andrea: Uhh the pre money would be 16.5.
Andrea: Yes.
Andrea: Pre money, yes. Um, but we've already, so, we're already on target to have... Well we've got 31 brands who are ready to start piloting with us. So we've got latent need.
Investor question: What does mean, 31 brands ready to pilot? Do you have like LOIs? Do you have purchase orders?
Andrea: We're actually negotiating an LOI with two very well-funded direct to consumer brands already. I can't really say the name but one of them...
Andrea: Unfortunately we weren't in a position up until last week to follow through on our pilots. Now that we have completed and tested our algorithm and made dresses and put them on humans, I feel comfortable to do that. But we also know that there is the buy-in, the brands themselves that we've spoken to, have these problems. They don't have solutions and we're the first ones that have come to them and said, we've got a possible way out for you. Because the way that the businesses work isn't working going forward.
Andrea: I see you're...
Andrea: And what we’re trying to do is very big. We’ve been waiting as long as possible. We’ve de-risked some of this by bootstrapping. But we need money to go forward to that next level Um... Yes. There’s nothing but data coming. This market is huge and we’re the first company in this space. So you either believe what we’re saying, that there’s an opportunity, or you don’t
Investor question: What did you do before this? And your partner, as well?
Andrea: So I’m a former Wall Street broker. So I used to raise money for a living. 500 cold calls a day, old school. So I know how to raise money. And then I used to do high tech public relations And then I was a business development consultant. So raise money, get publicity, grow businesses - that’s my background I mean, you’re asking three questions. Who am I? Am I the person to do this? Is this a problem? And is this a big enough market? And the answer is yes. So we just know making one thing to fit each person is the future. And that’s what we’re doing.
