Girum: How's it going guys?
Investor question: How are you?
Girum: I'm doing well. Nice to meet everyone.
Girum: My name is Girum, and today I'm going to share a memory that I have. It's November 2016, a regular high school day. I wake up expecting to fight my brother for the bathroom, but he wasn't there. So I rushed to his room to find him unresponsive on the bed. I go get my mom and we rush him to the hospital. They take him in, they stabilize him. It takes them a couple hours. They wake him up and the doctor pulls me and my mom into the room and says, Hey guys, we have two options. We can do comprehensive testing to figure out what's going on, or we can rush into surgery and put a defibrillator inside his heart. Both options would cost us 60k or 150k, respectively. It would completely bankrupt my family. So we decided to wait. After my brother was stable, we went back home. And for the next couple of months I was searching on Reddit for solutions.
Girum: So a patient comes in, they answer a bunch of questions, they upload any information that they have to the platform. They're matched with clinics that can deliver on the specific need that the patient wants. They can read reviews from other Americans, which is extremely important. And lastly, they can pay directly on the platform. No need to carry cash abroad like we did. They can even finance their procedure if they want to.
Investor question: What kinds of procedures are people coming to you for?
Girum: There's a hundred different verticals that we can go after. We made a choice to pick one and really win in that niche before scaling up other verticals. And for us that beachhead market is actually hair transplants.
Girum: Turkey. Yeah.
Investor question: Is it your main focus to do things that insurance won't cover?
Panel Investor: Is it your main focus to do things that insurance won't cover? Like I think that's why hair transplants are a big one.
Girum: We're focusing on elective procedures. If you don't have insurance coverage for, let's say orthopedics, which is traditionally covered by insurance, we would support that as well.
Girum: But we don't want to touch any verticals where the payer isn't the patient. So no insurance pay, no government sponsored health care.
Investor question: What are the top three or four like outside hair transplant?
Girum: We're looking to go after IVF next, as our second market. It's five times bigger in terms of dollars spent. Gen Z's turning 30. They're expected to be the biggest user of the procedure. and there's a huge price difference between what's available in the US and what's available abroad.
Girum: Yeah, so we’re looking at dental, orthopedics, vision treatments, and general cosmetic surgery.
Girum: Yeah, so we're a marketplace model. We take 30% of each booking that we drive. We sit in the middle of the payment flow, so we accept payments. We keep our cut and we remit the rest to our partner clinics.
Investor question: Do clinics find you or do you go find clinics?
Girum: We go find clinics. We have a team in Turkey that onboards clinics. We're doing about 10 clinics a month.
Investor question: How many are there there?
Girum: Say that again.
Investor question: How many are there there?
Girum: There's 450 in Istanbul only.
Girum: There's so many.
Investor question: How do you figure out like, quality assessment on the clinics abroad?
Investor question: Are there ways to identify the top providers?
Panel Investor: How do you figure out like, quality assessment on the clinics abroad? Like are there-
Girum: So the first, yeah. So the first step would be to look at their local and international certifications.
Girum: So today we have a team in Turkey, three people who go to the clinics, they collect the certifications, they go to the government offices, they verify them, before we list it on our platform. So that's step one. Step two would be to look at verifiable reviews.
Investor question: But you won't just let any clinic on your platform?
Girum: No.
Girum: Yeah. We reject more than half of the clinics that wanna work with us. Typically they don't have the right certifications or they borrow their friend’s certifications, or maybe they use an expired certification. We, we've seen all of this and today the American consumer just isn't protected. Right? They, they see a piece of paper. If they know to ask, you know, they just see it. It's in a different language. They just say, okay, I'm good to go. But we do all of the hard work for you. So you don't have to.
Girum: Yeah. Starting specifically with hair transplants. But going after elective procedures.
Panel Investor: I get what you're trying to do and I, I, there's definitely a gap, but like, your story is about how medical tourism saved not only your brother's life, gave him better treatment than he would've received here, and also it was just financially possible for your family. But then like, I don't know, man, no one's dying from hair transplants, you know?
Girum: That's true. But you've gotta find a market to start in as a startup
Investor question: Dental, most of that's gonna be cosmetic dental, right?
Panel Investor: Look at your first five! Dental, most of that's gonna be cosmetic dental, right? You have to go all the way to like maybe some orthopedics and then vision
Panel Investor: I'm just saying like, what percentage of that, 'cause most dental, like if you're talking about that, is emergency dental?
Girum: So I can give you examples, right? Um. For example, if there is a rare cancer that you're experiencing, there isn't enough-
Girum: Well, five is like the next five years, right? If we're building for the next decade, it'll definitely be in there.
Investor question: Are there other things where if you remove insurance and they're kind of severe or life threatening, that would be attractive for this model in the future?
Panel Investor: Just ask the question maybe slightly differently. Are there other maybe like, higher value in quotes, higher sensitivity procedures where even without insurance, it's like, I gotta imagine cancer, It's expensive in the United States with insurance coverage, it’s also expensive if you go somewhere else. Are there other things where if you remove insurance and they're kind of severe or life threatening, that would be attractive for this model in the future?
Girum: Yeah, so. I want to take us away from this life-threatening aspect, right? There's still so many procedures out there that aren't life-threatening
Girum: That are very, very important, right? I would put IVF into that bucket. Couples want have kids. There's a huge fertility crisis happening in the US right now, and your average, you know, high school teacher or bakery shop owner, auto shop owner can't afford to do it in the US.
Girum: So I, I don't want to ignore that, that, that segment.
Investor question: How do you get most people, most Americans to understand that this is a choice for something that is not a BBL, some veneers or a hair transplant?
Girum: Yeah. So when I started the pitch, I said seeing reviews from other Americans was very important and something that we focus a lot on. People need to see that there are other Americans that experienced the same condition that has successfully received treatment abroad and came back. So we try our best to get all these testimonials from people. In fact, our go-to market is on TikTok and a lot of people share their stories of traveling abroad. You guys might have seen videos of people doing that as well. But we also are trying to go after press and see if maybe even word of mouth could be a great driver. When we were looking for hospitals, you know, the first thing that we did was we asked our friends and family who they knew. So the more patients we have using our platform, the better of a word of mouth engine we can create.
Panel Investor: Why not just lean into the obvious story, which is that you can go abroad, you can go to Mexico for an inexpensive facelift. Like -
Girum: Yeah so…
Girum: Mm-hmm.
Panel Investor: For this company. So like, why not just embrace that?
Girum: So we have three check boxes that we want to hit when picking which verticals that we want to go after. The first one is, Americans are already traveling for it, right? When I said hair transplants, all of you guys automatically said Turkey.
Girum: The second check box is the price abroad versus suppliers locally has to be a huge difference. and third one is the price difference has to be large. . And if you look at like, facelift as a procedure, I don't think it fulfills these. And the market just isn't big enough. If you look at IVF, it's a $25 billion a year market. There is no player in the space and it's not very obvious for people to think to travel abroad for it. So we think we can come in, and build an interesting business there.
Girum: Mm-hmm.
Investor question: What's different about your company? Why hasn't it worked before?
Panel Investor: I'm sure I've heard this pitch before, so like what's different now? What's different about your company? Why hasn't it worked before?
Girum: So, we benefit from both changes in distribution and changes in technology. TikTok is really a huge driver for us. Before TikTok, unless you knew someone who had a hair transplant it's impossible for you to have known about hair transplants or any of these procedures abroad. TikTok though, if they know you're interested in, let's say fertility, it automatically shows you people who have traveled abroad for it, and you become aware because of that. And then on the technological side, so today medical tourism is a $150 billion industry. There's about 4,000 small agencies that support this industry. Can't really scale an agency model 'cause medical tourism is a high touch business until AI came around. Now we can take whatever this human is doing for you and be able to scale it to every single American.
Investor question: What's the traction so far?
Girum: So we incorporated in March. We've had 2,800 booking requests on our platform so far. About 500 completed consultations and 50 paid bookings.
Investor question: How much did you make?
Girum: $20,000 in revenue. 200,000 in GMV
Investor question: You said you were taking 30%, but that's only 10% right?
Girum: Yeah. So in reality we have, we're, we have tiered contract with our partner clinics. The first 10 patients we send each month we take 10%. From 11th to 20th we take 20%. From 20 onwards, we take 30%. So at scale it would be 30 percent. Right now we're at 10%.
Girum: So hair transplants weren't into our first market by the way.
Girum: We tried full body physicals. We tried to validate it, didn't work. We tried IVF, actually. We might have given up on that too early 'cause now we have signal that says we should have stuck with that. But as soon as we launched hair transplants, we automatically started getting bookings. So we're like, okay, this is where we need to stay. We're doubling down. We're figuring out what the primitive of a medical tourist is, making sure we understand, finding, paying, transportation, hotel situation, everything. Medication, even, at the very end. Before we get the cookie cutter model into the other procedures. So maybe we find out in next six months that IVF isn't the next market. Maybe it's, uh, oncology or something else. But, you know, hair transplants are just a, it's just a great place to run all the experiments and figure out what we need to build.
Investor question: What about IVF didn't work the first time?
Girum: So we gave up before we learned that TikTok was the right go to market. So we were trying to get patients through Reddit. We were trying to get patients through Facebook groups, you know, the mods would automatically kick us out, all that stuff. And, um, we've been seeing all these videos on social media, which I'm sure like many of you guys have seen. so when we decided to do hair transplants, we automatically said we should do it on TikTok. And we saw some traction. If we did IVF on TikTok, maybe we would've seen something similar.
Investor question: Are you in the market then?
Girum: Mm-hmm.
Investor question: Are you expecting them to like stay in the place?
Panel Investor: That's, that's a good point. IVF does take like 45 days. Are you expecting them to like stay in the place?
Girum: Yes. We're expecting them to stay for 45 days.
Panel Investor: And people are willing to do that?
Girum: Well, people are doing that. The reason why we queued it up next is because Americans are wanting to travel for it
Investor question: What's the number one IVF destination?
Girum: Spain and France is where people are going. So. Yeah.
Girum: It's a nice place to go. It's sunny outside.
Girum: Yeah. And it's much, much cheaper. You can get it done for $5,000 or less.
Investor question: Right?
Investor question: How are you gonna do non elective?
Panel Investor: But it makes sense to do elective. Right?
Girum: We'll, we’ll get to it. Right. It's just, is it the best initial market? I think the answer is no.
Panel Investor: People who don't have health insurance, can they afford to travel to Spain to get it dealt with? Like that's probably not gonna…
Panel Investor: Will ever
Panel Investor: It is a sad state of affairs that I even think this, right?
Panel Investor: I think it is most likely that this is the platform for hair transplants, facelifts, BBLs, liposuction, maybe perhaps IVF.
Will Girum embrace the BBL? We’ll find out after this.
Girum: Let me push back on that. So if you look at what the primitive of a medical tourist is, it's finding a clinic, it's paying for it, it's traveling. It's making sure that you're getting to your appointments on time and it's making sure that you're returned home safely. Maybe if there's medication afterwards, that that's covered as well. What about IVF, or what about dental, what about oncology do you think is outside of these primitives that makes you think that we can't get to them?
Girum: I mean, “Americans aren't gonna travel” is the biggest pushback we get from investors. We want to define this behavior. We want to prove that it could work in the markets that you mentioned, and then see if we can jump towards the markets that you don't think it would work in. And I think we have a pretty good shot.
Girum: Yeah. So when you look into the hair transplant space, the biggest names that you know in Turkey, they're not actual clinics. They rent doctors, they bring 'em to the facility. They're just excellent at marketing. They don't have the best surgeons. The consumer doesn't know this 'cause they don't know to ask the certifications. And to your second point, for me, if I look at brands like Hims, they were able to figure out Meta marketing pretty early, and they were able to scale it in a way, until they got to become a public company. Many other consumer brands did this as well. Why wouldn't that work for Doctours? Or maybe you can gimme an example of a consumer company that, didn't rely on these channels to scale.
Girum: Yeah.
Girum: Yeah. So the way I see it, someone finds a distribution channel that no one else is using. Right now, you know, micro influencers in niche markets, I believe is one. They figure out how to scale it up and then they own that category, and make it too expensive for any other entrant to come. If I start a company wanting to market on Instagram today, it would be way too expensive for me, but Hims does it every single day today. So that's kind of how I see it. I think we can get the influencer model, the TikTok partnership model to scale. I think we can get our patients to submit videos and we use AI to turn it to short form content that they can then post. we wanna be the first, you know, review site with video only reviews. and I think all of these could work.
Girum: Yeah. So, um, there, there's two concerns there and I can address both of them. The first one is, we acquire users today for $200. When we make the connection, we're earning 500 to 1500 per user. We're already above water on the first transaction. But as we add on more verticals, someone who's been a medical tourist is likely to become one again. So I think we can get them over and over and over again. Another way to look at it is, any given year, 97 million Americans travel internationally. Every single one of those could get treatment when they're abroad, every single year. So, there could be recurring nature in our business. But also another thing that I'll add is, medications, that one aspect of this whole lifecycle that I mentioned.
Girum: 75% of our users have never heard of Hims before, which really surprised us 'cause we thought people would use Hims first and then do the surgical step, but that's not the case. So now we're partnering with companies like Honeybee Health and MDI to be able to prescribe and deliver these drugs to our users. So not only are we profitable on the first transaction, but we can get this recurring motion going as well.
Investor question: And you're doing that today?
Girum: We're, one of the primary reasons we're fundraising is so we can meet the insurance minimums in order to get into medication.
Investor question: Can you talk a little bit about the fundraising plan?
Girum: We're raising a million pre-seed, we have 850k committed already. We're willing to oversubscribe for you guys.
Investor question: What terms are, is the 850k committed on?
Girum: So we have two different safes. One on a 10 million post and one on 8 million post.
Investor question: Where does that 1 million take you?
Girum: We can launch medication, get some early signs on that and see if we can scale that. That's one. And two, we're preparing to be able to jump to our next vertical in the next 18 months. and we need that cookie cutter model that'll get us there. Once we do that, we could hire, you know, market launchers and replicate that playbook over and over and over again, so all the founders' attention with this $1 million will be to figure out what that cookie cutter model is so we can jump into the next market.
Investor question: Right?
Investor question: How do you verify the reviews?
Panel Investor: I feel like there's this thing that's, localization is becoming easier because of AI and LLMs, right? So the idea that like native feeling websites, that don't appeal to Americans, is gonna evaporate. Right? But I think what's still gonna be missing is somebody that actually validates clinics. Because I can make a beautiful looking website and then my hospital could be filled with rats. Right. Like it's just so uncorrelated you know. And that's everybody's fear, is like, I don't trust medical tourism because who knows what they do. Right. And so maybe like it's having a third party there saying like, these are the only clinics we work with. You can see the reviews. That sort of transparency is your real product.
Has the pitch finally started to turn around for Girum? Find out after this
Girum: They're paid for.
Investor question: So how do you navigate that?
Girum: So the problem with these review sites is they don't have a means to capture payment. So they can't verify who's a real patient and who's a fake one. We're in the payment flow. So we know who's an actual paying customer. Uh, so all of the reviews that are on our platform are from actual customers who use Doctours. We've asked clinics to submit before and after images, and there's a lot of like, open source reviews on Reddit that, that we try to take. so it's a combination of all those to seed the reviews and then using our own patients for the future.
Panel Investor: You mentioned that you're also providing financing are you also taking a revenue cut? Based on financing or-
Girum: So-
Girum: Yeah.
Girum: Yeah. Um, I think once we have enough volume, we'll be able to do that. Our volume today is just way too small to make that work.
Girum: That makes sense.
