Investor question: How you been?
Panel Investor: Good to see you brother. How you been? //
Kelvin: Let's do it. Hi, my name is Kelvin Johnson.
Kelvin: And this is why we started Brevity. We are enabling people and institutions worldwide to be clearly understood. Now the best way to illustrate how our product works is to tell you a story about Jai Winston, the director at a premiere professional development organization, The Knight Foundation. And his goal is to spur economic development in St Paul Minnesota, but he was missing the bandwidth, system and expertise to help organizations hone and perfect their pitch - until he started working with Brevity. So when these professionals log in, they're able to select from pitch script frameworks from sales, fundraising, interviewing and beyond. And then next, in a Turbo Tax like fashion, they're able to create their pitch script with step-by-step guidance, examples, and our timing logic to stay on pace. From there, our pitch intelligence identifies and refines sub-optimal pitch language improving their story, content and messaging. // And as a result of going through our software, organizations have raised millions in capital, closed notable deals with Fortune 50 companies like at Target*. And we've had over 30 first place pitch competition winners. Now we are here today extending our pre-seed funding round raising 500 at an 8-mil cap via SAFE note. Now this relationship with Max and I goes back to three years old, playing sports, learning the value of discipline, grit and radical self-belief. And now we believe it's going to become a common phrase to hear worldwide:
Investor question: Did you use your own product to construct this pitch?
Kelvin: Absolutely.
Investor question: But how do you make money? Or how much money have you made to date?
Panel Investor: Good pitch, you know, sounds like an interesting product. Sounds like you've got some traction. But how do you make money? Or how much money have you made to date?
Kelvin: Yeah, so with our beta product, we were able to get a total of 75 grand. Yesterday we launched our commercially viable product. //
Investor question: So how much are you charging for that?
Kelvin: So thirty - 39.99 per user on an annualized basis in the three main categories: college, universities, MBA programs; professional development organizations; then startup accelerators and incubators. //
Investor question: Can you talk about how pitch intelligence works?
Kelvin: Yeah, // So there's four buying personalities, // from structured, bold, caring, and intellect. So when you enter our software, you have to pick the most dominant personality type of the audience you're looking to influence, and then sets the stage for how the AI scores and provides different recommendations // for your - your story content and messaging.
Panel Investor: Is the experience like a Grammarly type experience -
Kelvin: Correct.
Panel Investor: - where I type some things and it says, hey, tone's off or say it this way.
Panel Investor: So one question that I have is around just broadly speaking what makes for a compelling pitch? I hear what you're saying about how you can really improve somebody's technical pitch, make it sound really good, but I think as someone who has pitched thousands of people, a much bigger part, I feel, is around messaging in the right way to the right person.
Kelvin: Yes.
Kelvin: Yup.
Investor question: So how do you think about that?
Investor question: Like, how do you actually categorize that?
Investor question: How do you know that? If you - how do you know the sentiment?
Investor question: So what's the sentiment here? What are we?
Kelvin: Just to bring it a little broader view, like, just the inspiration behind Brevity, is really four main books of literature that's important to highlight. So you have the
Investor question: was that your question?
Investor question: Did you get your question out?
Panel Investor: Elizabeth, was that your question? I just want to be clear.
Panel Investor: I think it's like, how do you get the right angle on the messaging? Like, I -
Kelvin: Yeah. Yeah. I mean, so Dan and Chip Heath did a great job of coming up with this framework called SUCCESS: Simple, Unexpected, Concrete, Credible, Emotion, Story. So what we've // done is we extracted out those frameworks, so you're getting that step-by-step guidance, regardless of the pitch type you choose, so whether that's selling yourself, whether that's, you know, asking for a raise or a promotion, whether that's a pre-seed pitch, whether that's a seed pitch - we've amassed over 100 different frameworks where people need to influence. //
Investor question: How do you think about the market?
Panel Investor: How do you think about the market? Because I think - you know, as someone who previously worked at an accelerator, budgets are pretty tight. So - and I realize the price point is affordable but like how do you kind of make that really compelling for these organizations?
Kelvin: I would say startup accelerators, out of the three customer segments that we mentioned, they're on // the latter part.
Kelvin: Our goal is the universities. Every student needs to be able to communicate, present and influence with Brevity. //
Kelvin: We know we scare you, but we fundamentally know this is an educational tool //
Investor question: Do you have a university as a customer today?
Kelvin: Yes. So we're going to be onboarding University of Minnesota this year.//
Investor question: What does it take to onboard a university?
Panel Investor: What does it take to onboard a university? You know, when I think universities, I also cringe because I feel like, gosh, oh, they're so high touch, and your price point is only whatever, $40 a month.
Kelvin: Correct.
Kelvin: It's one of three verticals.
Kelvin: - moneymaker is the universities, once we can crack it.
Panel Investor: So help me understand the endgame. So if your like number one, but the hardest one to convert, is the universities, what are we playing towards, you know, in the future? //
Kelvin: Yeah. So enterprise sales - I mean, other parts - so we do have another bucket. It's - it's - people that have raised series A, series B capital, that are looking to optimize sales training, onboarding, you know, metrics like new hire ramp up time to productivity, and sales velocity. So there are a few of those in the pipeline as well.
Investor question: Won't that be your sweet spot?
Kelvin: Qualify hard to close easy.
Investor question: And so does this tool help with that?
Investor question: My question is, how do you know this works?
Panel Investor: So I was a seed stage investor in DocSend. Which - different - different positioning, but like one of the big unlocks for them was you could actually tell that using DocSend helped you raise money. Like, you actually got the analytics back, and they got the analytics back, at a macro level about slides people were paying attention - so they have a ton of data. My question is, how do you know this works?
Panel Investor: In a pitch - in a pitch competition, you have a very short feedback cycle and it's very easy to collect that data. But in some of these other contexts, like how do you know - how do you capture data to know that like I asked for the raise and I got it? //
Kelvin: Crunchbase.
Kelvin: Yeah, that's one data point we scrape is did they get funding or not?
Kelvin: Yeah, like, economic impact. Are you getting jobs? Are you raising capital? Are you increasing your sales velocity? And that's what we did with our beta product is we had - we lit - our tool was a direct correlation from using Brevity and people being clearly understood and getting capital.
Kelvin: We agree. We agree. Our mission statement is making your best first impression.
Investor question: You're raising 500k on an 8-million-dollar safe note?
Panel Investor: So, couple questions here, right. You're raising 500k on an 8-million-dollar safe note?
Kelvin: Correct. //
Investor question: How much of that have you raised to date?
Panel Investor: Okay. How much of that have you raised to date? //
Kelvin: Year to date, since we started this company, we raised 1.3. So we have four institutional investors. // Right Side Capital, Seraph Group. // Brown Venture Group is most recent. And then Bronze Valley out of Alabama.//
Kelvin: Post pitch.
Investor question: Right?
Kelvin: Awesome. //
Kelvin: I think you could help us.//
