Ben: Hi everyone!
Ben: I’m Ben.
Ben: When they operate on social media, the masses pile in. Two or three tweets and then just chaos ensues. I mean, you can Google #KaraJack and see an example from just a couple months ago of a one on one conversation between Jack Dorsey and Kara Swisher where they attempted to have a one on one conversation. And if you know Twitter, it didn’t, it didn’t work well.
Ben: About 30 seconds. And it’s not just the trolls. It’s not just the bots. It’s well-meaning people that have an opinion. The users on those platforms believe that it is their god-given right to jump into your conversation. And we’re saying that, No, sometimes it’s more valuable when only certain voices are amplified. Since we launched our beta five months ago, we’ve had over 500 high-profile people like that broadcasting to over 20 million followers. Pretty good traction.
Panel Investor: And how much money are you asking for today?
Ben: 2.5 million to take it to the next level.
Panel Investor: And what valuation?
Ben: Uh, well we’ll see what the market gives us on that.
Panel Investor: So why don’t you walk us through how the product works?
Ben: So here’s how it works.
Ben: I initiate a conversation. Let’s say all of us here want to start a conversation. You’re going to get a text message from our system. Regular SMS. As soon as you reply to that text, the conversation goes live.
Ben: You do not have to our app.
Ben: One person does. Whoever initiates it has to have the app.
Michael: Do they get paid for being part of that conversation?
Panel Investor: So let’s take your quarterback example. If I’m, there’s like five quarterbacks in there, that would be a really great conversation to watch, right? But what’s the incentive for the quarterback to get on that conversation? Do they get paid for being part of that conversation?
Ben: No. So people do this for a variety of reasons. In this environment it’s like being on stage with somebody that you perceive to be a peer. So that’s the main driving force.
Michael: Where am I viewing that conversation?
Panel Investor: Like, I’m, I’m the fly on the wall. Where am I viewing that conversation?
Ben: So it could be in our app, yes. It can be converted to an Instagram story. It can load in a Twitter browser.
Michael: How do I know what I want to jump into? What do, how does it all work?
Ben: You can. I can show you what that looks like.
Michael: How many active users do you have right now?
Panel Investor: How many active users do you have right now? And how fast is that growing?
Ben: Oh, it's growing lightning fast. We just launched the beta in January. It's in the tens of thousands and we will get more detail if you want that.
Michael: How do you monetize?
Ben: Yeah. So you, you can look first at the big social media platforms. There’s a $67 billion market there. We think that there’s a way that you can combine that with a micropayments business model so that you can have a micropayments economy where I might do basic use cases, like tipping. You want to customize your profile? Or you want to do a special reaction that’s not one of the existing options? Pay a couple credits. So to be super clear, we’re not monetizing yet. For us right now it’s about creating scale. And so start first with this, with this premise. And if you don’t believe this, you shouldn’t get involved. This is a big problem that’s worth solving. And the company that solves it is going to be worth a lot of money.
Ben: That's right. Here's where we think it gets super interesting. Right. So you start a chat and it’s related to your business or project you’re working on that you care about, and you want more people to see it than you’ve been able to generate on your own. You pay some credits to Goodtalk, we cross-promote it now to all these other people.
Panel Investor: Yep. That makes sense.
Ben
: Right. And then some of the value of that trickles down, basically airdrops, into the accounts of everyone who viewed it and everyone who created those viewers. And you’ve got people that now, who have just been passive viewers on the platform, now they have credits in their account. Well, what am I going to do with these credits? I don’t have enough to cash them out. I’m going to spend them now. I’m going to customize my reaction. I’m going to do these other things. As that grows, then that should drive continued usage.
Ben: Thank you.
Michael: Tell us a little bit more about you. Did you have previous exits?
Ben: Yeah. Three times in my career, I’ve been part of building products that generated $100 million of revenue. Early in my career that was a company called Overture. So we invented Google’s business model, basically.
Ben: Yeah. And so then I ran a team at Yahoo, after that acquisition. Helped build another startup that we sold to AOL Time Warner. Ran global partnerships at AOL under Time Warner, until I realized I'm a builder and there wasn't a lot of building happening in those days. So I went back and then built the programmatic business at Rubicon Project. We IPO-ed that one a couple of years ago. And then two startups since then.
Panel Investor: Sorry, is this your first time being a founder?
Ben: No. Cofounder on the last two.
Panel Investor: And you sold the last two?
Ben: The last two were strategic acquisitions, yeah.
Panel Investor: Let me ask you this. I’m listening to you, I’m like, Wow. I could be listening to a multi-billion dollar pitch right now. But aren’t you just a feature that these massive platforms can just turn on tomorrow? Like, this is a WhatsApp feature.
Ben: It’s a great question. And you can think about it like, you know, this is antithetical to those platforms. You even hear these CEOs when they talk about it, like when Jack Dorsey talks about the power of Twitter, it’s that every user can participate in every conversation. And so um you can’t solve a problem that you don’t understand, and if they understood the problem they would have solved it by now.
Panel Investor: But why do you think WhatsApp can’t do this? As just a, I mean, it just sounds like I could have a conversation with you and people could sub, kind of subscribe to listen to our conversation.
Ben: In the same way that you could share photos on Facebook before Instagram launched. Right, I mean people want to do certain things in different environments. We’re the platform for this.
Soraya: Talk to me about awareness. How are you going to get the right users on to this app?
Panel Investor: Your story right now is reminiscent of early stories that I heard in the 2007/2008 era. But that era is very different from the era that we're living in today. We're oversaturated with mobile app opportunities. The average app is used for less than six minutes a day. So talk to me about attention. Talk to me about awareness. How are you going to get the right users on to this app? It is inherently viral, I'll give you that. But the competition is fierce.
Ben: So two points. The first part of the answer is SMS. Alright, so 5 billion on the planet already use SMS and on average we use it twice as much as we use all social media combined. We're an SMS first product, although 90% of the users do eventually download the app. But we just believe we have to show them the value before you get them to download an app. Two is, when we started this, we looked at literally hundreds of companies. Like to your point, hundreds of companies have tried to break into consumer media and have failed. We said, let's just go right after the high end of the market. If you could create product market fit with these high profile users, you’ve got something, if you can’t, you’re just another company trying to get people to download an app. So we're the first company since Instagram or Snap to create product market fit with that segment of users.
Sarah: How many of them are really famous?
Panel Investor: How many of them are really famous? Like can we come up with a scale to be like, football guys, I don't sports but.
Ben: Totally. So without offending anyone, the way that we define, so we call them tier one users. And we define that as two things. One, you're noteworthy offline. You're not just internet famous. And you have at least 50,000 social media followers. So it's not a perfect calculation, but it gives us something to optimize against.
Panel Investor: This is a kind of a tangent, but I’m scrolling through, I’m looking at your phone and looking at some of these conversations. And I just get the sense that these people know there’s an audience and they’re being kind of buttoned up and not saying what they really think. So with your example of the football players talking about the game in real time, it seemed, it’s a great example because it’s raw and authentic. But is there this kind of like self-censorship that’s happening?
Ben: I mean, definitely. Like if you were to go on Jimmy Fallon and get interviewed, you wouldn’t say everything that you think. But in this environment, because it’s text, and because some of these conversations go on for months, eventually you let your guard down a little bit.
Ben: Thank you.
Ben: Thanks, I get that.
Ben: Yeah. So I 1000% get that. This is not for everyone.
Ben: I think, but in the second I have that traction you’re talking about, we’re a billion dollars. At least.
Ben: Yeah, but, you know it’s cool. Thank you. I appreciate the feedback. And your positive sentiment.
Ben: No, it makes sense. And I agree. It’s a swing for the fences, for sure.
Ben: Cool thanks. Appreciate that. All right.
Ben: It was nice to sort of meet you all.
Ben: Thank you.
