Lucas: Hey everyone.
Lucas: How are you doing?
Lucas: Nice to meet you.
Lucas: Nice to see you. Lucas.
Lucas: Here we go. Hey everyone. I'm Lucas from PeachWeb and I come from a family of fashion designers. And in the 80s, my Dutch granddad, he opened his first shoe store in Amsterdam. It was a small store, but there was something really particular about it. When you, walked in, there was a baby lion and you could play with it. You could imagine everyone's reaction when they go into a shoe store and see a lion for the first time. And he became talk of the town in Amsterdam, and he sold a lot of shoes. And this was really inspiring from a design and marketing perspective. I applied this to web design. I saw every website as a storefront, as a chance to really stand out to captivate people and immerse people into what you're doing.
So I started my first web design agency when I was, uh, 19. But I was stuck with HTML. It's like designing inside a box, you're creating the same old, flat, boring website. It's like everyone having the same ordinary store. And the worst part is people would leave after seven seconds. And I really hated that. In 2021, something happened. It was the biggest update on the web since HTML. It's called WebGL, and it got supported on all browsers. And finally, you could render stunning interactive 3D graphics, bringing websites to life. I knew this was the future of websites. This was my, you know, baby lion moment. And I started one of the first WebGL website agencies in 2021. Working with the biggest brands, creating websites that people loved and immersing people for minutes in these websites. Not seconds anymore. But the one problem we faced, was the build time. It took months to create a webGL website. We had to code every single graphic, and it costs up to six figures to make. So in 2023, me and my partner said, what if you could make a WebGL website in a minute and get the website of your dreams, get a website that you love, and more importantly, a website that you'd love to share. That's why we're called the Lovable for Websites 3.0. I would love to show you.
Lucas: So you log on. And you select the type of website you want to create. You tell us a bit about the company, but this is where it gets interesting. This is WebGL. You can select your visual identity from abstract
Lucas: To tech, to Web3 elegant, which is glass, which is the Apple vibe at the moment, natural with immersive backdrops. And these are just stunning interactive websites. And our AI can create variations. So you can find your visual identity, you can find your online presence, you can find that store front that you want.
Investor question: To what extent can you customize that? Can that be incorporated in this or not quite?
Lucas: That's after the website gets generated. You can go onto the builder.
Lucas: And then here you're selecting, so the UI style, and it generates a website in a minute, but these websites normally go for around $30,000. Now you can get it for $29 a month, and it's three times more engaging and it's just the next generation of websites.
Lucas: Thank you.
Investor question: How do you keep it fresh?
Panel Investor: I'm curious sort of what is the seeding of the design elements. How do you keep it fresh? You know, your comment about this is Apple's current take
Lucas: Yeah.
Lucas: So because we pioneered sort of WebGL and we've done so many websites, we ultimately create the templates in the library. And then what AI is doing, is essentially customizing it. So you can create lots of variations.
Lucas: Infinite variations, but it follows certain parameters and certain design principles, which is important for these types of websites.
Investor question: Are most, are these people who would otherwise have gone to WebFlow? Or a WebFlow agency to get something like this built?
Lucas: It's a similar profile. Yeah.
Lucas: It's a very similar profile.
Investor question: Huge expense, right?
Panel Investor: First of all, congratulations. Having run websites for 30 years. Huge expense, right?
Lucas: Mm-hmm.
Investor question: Talk to me about like, where your customer is, is it marketing only? How do you work with Shopify?
Panel Investor: So I really appreciate what you're doing. Talk to me about like, where your customer is, is it marketing only? How do you work with Shopify? Like, I'm curious about what type of website it is and what your customer is.
Lucas: Yeah, sure. So we did a beta launch in October. It was a WebGL website builder, standard, no code. And worked with web designers, uh, agencies, tech did really well. E-commerce did well. creative websites, agencies. anybody that wants like a really cool website and really cares about design will be naturally attracted to this.
