Panel Investor: welcome to the Pitch show, day 2, pitch 4
Being a first time founder is tricky
.
Investors want you to be flexible, willing to take their feedback. But not
SO
flexible that you follow their vision instead of your own.
Today’s founder, Ariana Vargas, is trying to figure out
where
to
draw
that line.
When Lisa and I first met Ariana, she had built a social mental health app. It allowed strangers to support each other by sending hopeful video messages.
However, when Ariana showed up in The Pitch Room, she was in the middle of Techstars. And the vision for her company had already changed.
So the app we were excited about… was nowhere to be found. Is Ariana’s early pivot the kind of flexibility investors are looking for - or is it a sign that she’ll just change her business for anyone?
I’m Josh Muccio, welcome to The Pitch. Where real entrepreneurs, pitch to real investors, for real money.
Ariana: Nice to meet everyone.
Ariana: Can I start whenever?
Ariana: All right. Talking about your mental health is hard. Talking about your mental health at work is harder. Talking about your mental health to five almost total strangers on a pitch competition show [laughter] is what you do when you know you have an idea that can change the world. // My name is Ariana Vargas, I am the founder of Stigma, and I was born in Costa Rica to a father with schizophrenia. When I would tell people this as a young person, they would meet me with shock or cruelty. And it's not because people are inherently unkind; it's because people are afraid of what they don't understand. // So I decided to change that. At Stigma, we use storytelling to change the way people think and talk about mental health. // Last year, US employers saw a 225 billion dollar loss in productivity as a result of poor employee mental health. Their response was more - // more checks for more apps and more benefits. // But the big problem is that no one is using them. // At Stigma, we provide companies with the content and the stories that destigmatize talking about mental health in the workplace, that open people up emotionally, // and then match them with the benefits and services that their companies already pay for. // and we're raising a million dollars to bring this unique style of storytelling to the workplace. //
Elizabeth: Can you show us a demo?
Charles: Do you have a demo?
Ariana: Yeah. I have a couple of videos I can show you. // What kind of story would you like? Would you like one about miscarriage, addiction -
Ariana: - racism.
Ariana: So I want you to imagine that you're in Slack and you are getting ready for your next meeting and you're talking to people about what has to get done for next week's board meeting and you get an alert from your Stigma app that says, hey, there's a new story, and this one's about addiction. //
Panel Investor: Was that an actor?
Ariana: No.
Jillian: Who wrote that script?
Panel Investor: Okay. Who wrote that script? //
Ariana: That was just his responses to interview questions on a set.
Ariana: After you watch that video, you'll be asked, did this - watching this story increase your compassion for this lived experience? // The next thing after the question about compassion is pointing you directly to a resource in your own employee benefits package that speaks to exactly that. Did you know that you have substance abuse resources as part of your employee assistance program? One of the bigger problems with the low utilization of EAPs is that HR people aren't typically marketers. They don't know how to do it that well, no one knows how to talk about mental health that easily, and they don't have a budget for creating newsletters and content around these things. //
Ariana: I think we're excellent in that regard because we don't require any of you to submit information. // So what it really is is an employee engagement tool that reminds people that we've paid for these things already that exist. And so the idea there is // you would get a report on, hey, you usually get ten calls to your EAP; once you launched Stigma, you got a hundred. //
Mac: What's the business model here? How do you make money?
Panel Investor: What's the business model here? How do you make money?//
Ariana: So the first stage will be in either licensing content. So we have one customer so far that is TXI in Chicago. They're paying to license content because they want stories around disability. // They do town halls and they do quarterly stories, and they said, we just want your stories. So you can think of that as a typical licensing structure, like a Getty Images. People pay you to get access to this content and they don't have to spend $25,000 for a day of production to get one story that they can't use over and over. They can access a content library.
Panel Investor: So how much are they paying?
Ariana: They're paying $600 per individual story and then we also have shorts. We have two short films, both of which have been official film festival selections in four festivals. // There's also potential distribution for larger media plays. //
Panel Investor: Okay. I invest a lot in this space, and I know that there are a lot of companies like Ginger and Hurdle and a number of other ones that have this content. // Just Kaiser, even the health care system, has a whole library of these. Exactly looking like this.// Why is yours so special?
Ariana: I love the question. I'd like to give an example.
Ariana: Spanx already existed, cos there were control-top pantyhose. // I promise you, and this is my opinion I'm gonna challenge, no one is making what we're making. They're making -
