Ariel: I'm Ariel Puga. I'm from Chile. I live in Mexico City.
Ariel: One of the things that I love the most is to build from scratch. I love to see how people love a solution that you can build. like you are a superhero for their problems.
Investor question: Hey, how are you?
Investor question: Hi, how are you?
Ariel: Good
Ariel: I'm Ariel Puga, CEO, and co-founder of Finnecto. When I say the phrase, we need to wait for procurement before we sign the documents, how does that make you feel? Well
Ariel: Well, for the last 10 years I've been working on selling and building SaaS for enterprises across Latin America, from Brazil to Mexico. Once I closed a deal, a super big deal with one of the largest banks. And I say, okay, let's go. Let's start. They say, hold on Ariel, we need to wait for procurement. I say, okay. How long does it gonna take? A week? Two? Yeah, it's gonna be, I think, less than a year, they say.
Ariel: So it's crazy because if operating a spend is so critical for companies, why is it so complicated? Operating spend is the second largest cost for companies after payroll. So that moment was super important for me because I decided to quit my job and give all in on this venture with my co-founder and CTO Vicente. He's one of the best and brilliant people I ever met outside of my wife, obviously. Of course. Uh.
Ariel: Yeah, yeah, yeah. And actually, he turned down an offer to work at Meta in San Francisco in the FinTech space. Okay. So right now, in just six months, we have closed 20 enterprises, across four countries. We reach over a hundred thousand dollars in ARR with just a small team of four. And all with founder led sales. Now we are raising $1 million to make procurement easy for enterprises.
Investor question: Can you share what, how do you do that?
Panel Investor: Cool. Thank you. Yeah. Thank you for coming today. Can you share what, how do you do that?
Ariel: Okay. So we found that spend procurement is super complicated because you have multiple requests every day. You have to manage your vendors. You need to approve all the process to account payable, and you need to involve different departments, legal, compliance, you know. So what we do is we give a platform, one front door to every employee in the company so they can start a purchase request. We automate all the policies that the companies have. And then, we connect different departments that are involved in the process and we connect the vendors for the transactions so we can connect the full journey into one platform. So they can operate and have full visibility of the process since their request is started until it's paid.
Ariel: When you have different departments, one of the things you need to do is to give features and the solution that they need to work daily. For example, the first thing we do is that requesters have a platform where they can initiate a request. But the thing is that when that connects to the legal department, they need to do all the process for the contract sign. When that process goes to compliance, they need to create the vendor. So what do we do is given to them a platform where they can create the vendors and connect all of the vendors. So then you connect this with accounting. What's a pain for accounting? Accounts payable, approval, checking the invoices. So that's what we do. We understand every need that every department has. So we can create features and the solution that they need. So every department love what we do for them. They don't care about the rest of the journey. Legal doesn't care what is happening in accounting. They want to know what's happening in their department. So that's what we do.
Investor question: So how do you sort of figure out which integrations you need with which ERPs, has it just been driven by customer demand and, I guess, how many integrations do you think you need to build in order to succeed?
Ariel: I would say that the main integrations that you need to operate is accounting. That's critical for the operation. Right now, I, I would say that 90% of the need they have. It's for the accounting process. Okay. So we started by integrating their ERPs, but as well, we have an API so they can integrate their solutions. Okay. When they have a legal solution, we can integrate the solution with our API that we have for them for every customer.
Investor question: Does the integration process look different for each company then?
Ariel: First? What we did. Create the native integration so you can integrate Finnecto to SAP, for example.
Ariel: But then you need to create the middleware where they can connect the information as they wish. So integration is the same, but the way they want to integrate the information is different. And it's a good point what you say, because I remember my last experience, an integration process could take over a year. It's super difficult. So when we did this, right now we are able to have a customer fully integrated in just four weeks. So that, that's amazing.
Investor question: Can you talk more about the business model?
Ariel: Well, it's been a journey. The more users we have. The better.
Ariel: So we are building a solution, not for SMB. We're building a solution for mid-size enterprises and large enterprises. Okay. So right now our companies have an average of 500 employees. Right now we are charging per user. We have two kinds of user, approver. And requesters. In the beginning, what we did was charging for everyone in the company, but not everyone was using the platform every day. So what we did is just charging per approvers. If you have more requesters, you're gonna have more approvers, so. Right now we're targeting $20 per user. That means that right now, in the last two to three months, our average, it's about a thousand dollars a month per, per company. In the future probably we're gonna find a way to charge per requester as well, but right now that works very well.
Investor question: Can you talk a little bit about your customers?
Panel Investor: Can you talk a little bit about your customers? You said that they're in different countries, and so kind of what's your go-to market strategy
Ariel: Right now we have four countries. That means Mexico, Colombia, Peru, and Chile. We focus on those four countries because, you know, are the biggest in Latin America. We are focused on services companies and that's important. Why? Because services companies have pain in operating spend. They have to control spend every day. So we really think that services companies are good market for us. And we are focusing right now on those four countries.
Investor question: And then just how do you acquire those customers?
Panel Investor: Okay. And then just how do you acquire those customers? I mean, you're different countries, you're probably a very small team, so what's the go to market there?
Ariel: We have a really good team actually.
Ariel: I'm from Chile, South America, but I live in Mexico. But before I live in Peru. And before I live in Brazil. Okay. So- and then
Ariel: My last experience of working almost 10 years in SaaS, I opened in offices from scratch, literally in those countries. So, when we started, what I, what we say with my co-founder. We need to build a billion dollar company. So we are not gonna make it just with one country in Latin America. That's impossible. We're not gonna make it. That's what I saw in the past. So what we did is we're gonna validate the need first from the day one in four countries. That's what we did. So. All the sales were outbound. I still have the messages that I sent on social media, you know, and cold calling different, uh,
Investor question: And that's how you got your first customers, cold calling?
Ariel: Yeah. All, all of them. All of them.
Panel Investor: I've invested in a lot of latam companies and it's a little more typical where they start with a small country like Columbia. They kind of get the lay of the land before they scale into, you know, say in Mexico. So your strategy is slightly different in you're kind of testing a bunch of places. Have you kind of. Thought through both of those models?
Ariel: Well, I would say that when I worked for my last companies, one of the things I learned is that when you prove a country, then you realize how difficult is to scale to a different country because they have different needs. In our case. From the beginning. We want to build a solution that can scale faster. So we say we're gonna find strategic companies in every country to create the solution, to build a product, to understand if the need is same or similar between them. And we did it. We did it. As I say, we want to build a 1 billion company, so I wanna make sure that what we Think is real, and we did it.
Investor question: Who's the buyer? When, when you're doing those cold calls?
Ariel: When we started, we made a mistake. What was the mistake?
Ariel: When we started, we made a mistake. What was the mistake? Prospecting the purchasing managers in, in every company. We got some calls with them and they say, I love your product. We want your product. But they didn't buy it.
Ariel: No. No, because they didn't have the, the power to make the decision. It was a good learning, good memories actually. But then we realized that, the CFO of the company really wants to overview the budget
Ariel: And how spend is happening in real time. So what we did from October actually, was just meeting CFO and we say, how do you control budget? Okay. This way. This way. Okay, so please tell me right now how much you are gonna spend in purchases, subscriptions, in the next three months. They didn't know it. So we say we want to do that with our product. They say, I want it. So now please meet the finance teams, the procurement teams, to check or validate the product. We found that that was a good way. So we sell to CFO or finance teams, but our users are finance, accounting, compliance, security, legal. But the decision is made by the CFO.
Investor question: So can you just talk about what do you think your secret sauce is and is there like a timing or a moment that you think that you'll succeed where a lot of these folks have not?
Panel Investor: Over the last decade of me investing, I've heard the procurement pitch many times. It's kind of where deals go to die, everyone hates it. And many people have tried to have SaaS companies around this or SaaS solutions. So can you just talk about what do you think your secret sauce is and is there like a timing or a moment that you think that you'll succeed where a lot of these folks have not?
Ariel: So, our secret sauce, I would say that. There are two things. The first is that we provide every employee with a single front door. So that process is a game changer because when you give an employee a platform where they can start a request for a contract, for a vendor creation, for app subscription, for a payment, you know, for every part of the process. They really love us. So that, that's important. The one front door that we have in our platform and then that you, we are able to create all the workflow that they have or all the many workflows that they have into just one. And that's amazing for them because they can save money in many platforms, they can save human resources a lot. But I would say that more than that, they can save money. And that's important. Super important.
Investor question: Can you talk a little bit about the raise? how much have you raised before and how are you gonna allocate this money?
Ariel: Our first investor was plug and play from San Francisco. They invested. It was a check that allowed us to create the product, but a few weeks ago we got invested by hustle fund.
Ariel: Yeah. And then we have other angel investors. Right now, when in total we have raised about 350,000.
Investor question: Can you tell us the terms?
Ariel: Yeah. $5 million post money valuation. We're gonna focus this round in two things. First, sales, and as well, we need to work on the product. So we expect to have a small, but really good team to reach a million dollars this year and scale.
Investor question: And how many customers will that be?
Ariel: That would be a hundred in total. So we have 20 from 20, so 80. 80.
Investor question: So you're gonna add 80?
Ariel: Yeah
Ariel: Just in 2025. Okay. And, and actually what we see with the customers that we're meeting right now is that our average ticket is increasing every month and as we have a stronger product, we can reach higher tickets.
Investor question: And what's the burn?
Panel Investor: That's great. And what's the burn?
Ariel: Right now with the four, it's about seven.
Investor question: Where will it go up to?
Ariel: Yeah. $7. Well, if we raise the million dollars and we can sell what we expect, we can reach breakeven in September more or less. So with the new hiring, it's gonna be about 15,000 a month.
Ariel: Yeah.
Panel Investor: I hate to be the annoying VC who asked this question, but in latam, I guess maybe in particular, people always think of like, okay, so this company gets big, and then what happens? So if you were to project 10 years down the road, what does the company look like or what are, you know, the kind of exit opportunities for you?
Ariel: Hmm. To be honest, when you build a SaaS company in Latin America, numbers are not easy to build a 1 billion company. But when you create a transactional model on your product, that changes. So first I would say that after regional Latin America, we have opportunities with new verticals around the operating spend. We really believe that we can win the Latin American market not just with the software, but with transactional models, with different businesses around what we are building.
Ariel: Thank you.
