Capella: How are you.
Capella: I just washed my hands so they're wet.
Panel Investor: Hey, how are you? Jesse? I don't know if I can make it that far.
Capella: Hello. My name is Capella Kerst. I am the founder and CEO of geCKo Materials, the revolutionary bio-inspired dry adhesive company. This is geCKo Material dry adhesive. And this is a full bottle of wine. As I place geCKo Materials down, I can pick up the bottle of wine with my pinky. It falls off under geCKo Materials' own weight. Traditionally to attach two objects, you need tape, glue or suction. This isn't a tape. This isn't a glue. This isn't a suction, allowing us to be used in vacuum environment It takes milliseconds to engage and disengage, leaving no surface residue or marring left behind. It's rated at 120 kilopascals of sheer strength. That's equivalent to one square inch tile supporting 15 pounds vertically, six one inch tiles pulling a car, or my pinky holding up that full bottle of wine. You can reuse it 120,000 times, being sustainable and energy efficient, helping our customers save energy, time, and money. We have a very focused go-to market strategy, as we are the next industrial Velcro. We're focused on robotics, drones, and space. We're currently on the international space station. Honda, Ford, Toyota, GE, Intel, Hyundai are just to name a few of our some of our customers here on Earth. You can use it in any barometric environment. Also atmospheric nitrogen, hydrogen, vacuum chambers, things like that. We did 727,000 in revenue last year in 2023, and we're on track to doubling it this year. We're currently raising an 8 million round. We are searching for a lead investor, minimum check size 1 million. We have enough follow on from CVCs and other strategics to complete the round. Should I get this in your hands? Pass it around. You could also pick up a cup if you feel more comfortable with a cup.
Capella: Okay, perfect. So this is the feel me. I’ll pass…
Capella: And then hold the neck and just rotate it out. See how it releases so quickly.
Capella: It's not sticky. It's not tacky.
Cyan: Is it like porous on the surface?
Capella: It's a microstructure with undercut wedges that when pulled [inaudible] they bend over and are pulled.
Capella: Yeah.
Capella: Like geckos, yes. We mimic the gecko's ability to climb up smooth vertical surfaces.
Capella: So this was spun out of my PhD.
Mac: Where did you get your PhD?
Capella: I did Stanford for my PhD in Mechanical Engineering. and I focused on biomimicry application designs, and I focused on whole life cycle sustainability, mass production and scaling. So quite a mouthful. I'm a very technical founder. I'm very blessed with a small but mighty team that compliment my skill set.
Mac: Do you own it?
Panel Investor: Amazing. So you did this at school. So is this a tech transfer product? Like, who owns the IP? Do you own it?
Capella: Yeah.
Mac: Are you licensing from the university? What's the situation there?
Capella: Yeah. Great question. So a little background. So biomimicry was started about 20 years ago and it was between a Berkeley and Stanford collaboration, you know, how fun is that? And so I was very blessed to join the Stanford professor that is kind of the godfather of biomimicry. And the research kind of developed from there where we made a man made version while Berkeley looked at the actual gecko. I came in 15 years after that, helped with the development of the fourth generation microstructure. And then I invented a way to mass produce it. And that's what I patented. So I am the sole first inventor on the patent. Stanford is the kind of overseer. And then after I became a company, I licensed it from Stanford for myself. So the geCKo Materials is 1 percent equity, 2.5 percent royalties. It's actually a pretty, pretty good deal for that.
Capella: So then that was my contribution to science, was the mass production techniques. It hadn't been invented before that. It would take over 48 hours to make one unit. Because of the invention and my patent, we can make it in under 15 minutes.
Panel Investor: Amazing. And you've had investors to date, so can you talk us a little bit about how much money you've raised to date? And I would like to know how much money you raised diluted from investors and non-diluted from grants.
Capella: Yes, great question. We did a 2 million pre seed in 2021, with a cap of 26 million. And then we did 775,000 in non-dilutive grants. We've completed two Air Force and Space Force contracts, and we are on the international space station and we're actually in now a standalone, it's not a grant, it's actually a contract in which they're paying, with the Space Force right now. So we've now crossed that grant chasm, and we're now in contract land.
Jesse: Can you talk a little bit about the supply chain for this and sort of how manufacturing works without - you don't have to share any inside secrets on this podcast.
Panel Investor: That is super impressive. Can you talk a little bit about the supply chain for this and sort of how manufacturing works without - you don't have to share any inside secrets on this podcast. But I'm just curious about sort of what does that look like at scale?
Capella: Yes. Great question. So I developed a mass production method and I focus on whole life cycle sustainability. We want to practice what we preach, helping save energy, time, and money. So everything is sourced locally and made under one roof. So we have a manufacturing facility in the South Bay. And then we make everything in house.
Mac: What are the unit economics on that product?
Capella: In the next two years, we'll be at 88 percent profit margins. So we sell it for $1,000 and it's roughly $200 to make.
Panel Investor: A thousand dollars for how much of it?
Capella: 11 square inches.
Capella: So that's about - you can pull two cars with that. So you can do a lot with just a little.
Capella: Yes, you can.
Panel Investor: Can I?
Capella: Yep. It's available on our website. You can click through, submit pay by credit card, and we'll ship a product to you and yeah
Capella: Oh.
Capella: Oh. Yes.
Capella: Yeah?
Capella: Okay.
Capella: Oh, yes, there's - we're the next industrial Velcro. There's so many applications. We'll eventually be at, you know, Home Depot, Safeway. Hey, honey, the kids ran out of, you know, geCKo Materials for a school project, or like we need some more to hang some pictures. Can you run to the store and get some. Like, that's where we're going. We're going to be a multi billion dollar industry.
Panel Investor: Speaking of, what do you want to get the price point to? If it's going to be in Home Depot, it's not going to be a thousand dollars.
Capella: Yes. Well, actually right now, it is only 10 times more expensive than Command strips, if you're doing area per strength. It's just like the sticker shock of one whole unit. So eventually over time, yes, we do have plans to not cannibalize our high paying customers. We will roll out different backed materials. And then eventually embedding sensors, things like that. So we'll roll out different product lines to lower this initial price point down, still having actually in the 90 percent profit margins as economy to scale.
Cyan: How does it deal with water?
Capella: You can push through the water. So there is applications that we're working with the Navy in that sense, in which you are going to have a gripper that's obviously not on string. Our customers don't make - they make higher fidelity ones than this one, which is why we're raising the 8 million. So you're going to push through the water. If you're making contact, then the wedges can engage. Or you can engage, hold, and submerse in water. And it won't penetrate through the wedges.
Capella: Yes. Primarily the funds will go towards the application engineering teams, engineering sales and the support staff for that. So we have identified ways to reduce our R&D sales cycle time to commercial recurring revenue. And what that takes is for us in house to make high fidelity models, CAD files, videos, things like that. Demos that we'll send to each of our customers. So say you all own a car company and we're working with you on something. So, you know, we make it a generic high fidelity and then you're going to take the CAD files and tweak it because you have some proprietary design needs. So that is kind of the business model that we're going in. So it's a rinse and repeat. We have a financial projection. So we are 2Xing our revenue this year, 3.8Xing the following year, and then end of five years we'll be ARR of 80 million. And that is based solely upon our current paying customers only and their LOIs that are located in the data room.
Capella: Of course. I would love to do that.
Capella: Yes!
Capella: It's so fun to hear everybody's like ideas.
Capella: Thank you. Yeah.
