Elizabeth: Do you love the problem you're working on?
Panel Investor: Do you love the problem you're working on?
Paige Finn Doherty with Behind Genius Ventures
Panel Investor: That is the definition of a dope founder.
The Pitch for Gnara is coming up after the break. And if you’re not following the show already, subscribe to The Pitch on the Castro podcast app. Remember when podcast apps were simple and just played your favorite podcasts? Yeah, Castro is bringing that back.
You can find the uncut version of this pitch at patreon.com/thepitch
[break]
Georgia Grace: Hello.
Georgia Grace: I'm Georgia Grace.
Georgia Grace: Great to meet you.
Georgia Grace: Georgia Grace. Nice to meet you, Charles.
Georgia Grace: Georgia Grace. Nice to meet you.
Georgia Grace: Hi Paige.
Georgia Grace: Hi Mac. Nice to meet you. Okay. If you did not use the bathroom before this pitch, you are definitely gonna have to after, so bear with me. My name is Georgia Grace Edwards. I'm the cofounder and the CEO of Gnara, and at Gnara we are on a mission to help everyone answer nature's call, quite literally, through our patented GoFly zipper technology. The idea for this came from my work as a glacier guide in Alaska. I was spending 8 to 12 hours a day up on the ice, usually as the only woman guide. And in comparison to the guys, who could turn around, unzip, go whenever, wherever, I found myself having to trek across the glacier, carefully avoiding crevasses, until I could find a spot with enough privacy, completely remove three to four layers in freezing temperatures, do my thing, put it all back on and hike back to work. And that process was such a waste of time and energy that often left me feeling cold for hours after, to the point where I started dehydrating myself. And unfortunately, that is not an uncommon story among women in the outdoors, regardless of whether or not we're working on glaciers. 56% of us have had a bathroom accident outside in the past year alone. And that is because pants were never designed to be worn by women in the first place. Here in the United States through the 70s and 80s, women were not permitted to wear pants or shorts at colleges and universities, and women were not permitted to wear pants on the floor of the US Senate until 1993, which means this is a very young industry, and very little innovation has happened. Until now. This is the GoFly technology. It is covered by both design and utility patents in over 30 countries worldwide and counting. There is a top zipper to get the product on and off, followed by a second secret zipper that begins at the base of the first and it extends all the way to the back of the product. so the user can control the size and location of the space they need to create. We first launched this technology into the world via our award-winning Go There pants, followed by our Go There shorts. And this year, we are excited to launch our Go Free leggings. In the past 18 months, my team and I have taken this technology from the floor of my college dorm room to the floors of the largest outdoor retailers in North America, to social media virality with over 350 million views on trending videos, and to the top of gear lists by Gear Junkie, USA Today, CNN, Women's Health, and more. Now we are raising half a million dollars to make the GoFly technology the Gore-Tex of zippers via a licensing revenue stream, so that we can get this technology into as many applications as possible, and help everyone go on the go. Thank you.
Panel Investor: Can we open them? An unboxing!
Georgia Grace: The producers helped with sizes. So I picked colors that I thought might suit you.
Georgia Grace: That color is Juneau jade. So a lot of our colors are named for important places in our company's story, and I was working as a glacier guide in Juneau.
Elizabeth: Is it the zipper? Is the zipper combined with this material?
Panel Investor: I might just be dense, but could you explain what this tech is? Is it the zipper? Is the zipper combined with this material? Or?
Georgia Grace: Absolutely. So design and utility patents, there are 16 different claims. But the biggest three things it boils down to that we're protected on are what makes this super functional, super comfortable and super discreet. So the functionality comes from the fact that it appears like two different zippers, but this is actually one continuous zipper track that's sewn down between two pulls. The thing that makes it discreet, to make it look like any traditional pair of pants or shorts or other bottoms, are the flaps on the outside. I'm also wearing our pants right now. They look completely normal.
Georgia Grace: And then there's a custom fabric flap on the inside so that they're really comfortable. So comfortable that a third of our customers actually go commando.
Georgia Grace: Granted.
Georgia Grace: Design and utility. And then we're also pending for our patents in the legging design, which is a slightly different design, as well as anything that you would put in a onesie. So overalls, ski bibs, fishing waders, flight suits, etc.
Georgia Grace: Thank you. I forgot that part. So we've done over 18,000 units. And our lifetime revenue is about 1.75 million. Last year's revenue was just under a million. So we had over 50% growth between 2022 and 2023. We've only actually had inventory in stock for the past 18 months.
Cyan: What is the price point for these?
Georgia Grace: For pants, full MSRP is 168. Shorts are 118. And we're expecting leggings to be 128.
Georgia Grace: Pants cost $43 to produce. Shorts cost $37 and the estimate for leggings is $27. So for our flagship product, which is the pants, we're at a 74% D2C profit margin, a 48% wholesale retail profit margin, and in the licensing revenue stream, we're looking at a 96% profit margin. We have our first signed LOI in hand from a billion dollar company that's currently testing with their pro athlete team in ski bibs and base layers So what this process will look like is they will each put in 40 hours of testing. And then at the end of the ski season, we will go over feedback, see if there's any design refinements we need to make, and then it would go straight to production to hit the market at the end of this year.
Elizabeth: Can you talk a little bit about licensing going forward?
Georgia Grace: Licensing has always been our exit strategy for this company. And in following the blueprint of top outdoor companies, they all start with a seemingly niche highly technical inhouse physical product. and then they end up getting requests to put that technology into other applications. So examples of this would be Gore-Tex started with their own waterproof lamination in a jacket, and now obviously Gore-Tex is found in everyone's jackets. They are not the only company to have that completely waterproof lamination. There are plenty of other brands that have technology that works just as well, but because Gore-Tex was first to market it's still what all customers look for. And they are a multibillion dollar company -
Georgia Grace: - revenue each year. Other examples we've looked to are Kizik shoes. So they're a hands free technology, started with their own shoes, now they have deals with Nike. BOA dials on snowboarding boots, that's how they started. Now they work with over 400 different brands doing licensing. And then Vibram, they started with the super specific mountaineering boot and now of course they're in almost all shoe soles I can think of.
Georgia Grace: So the strategy here is to start with non-competitive markets and products, things that we will never do ourselves. Often because they are niche in terms of season, or in terms of the number of women who are actually participating in that activity. So that makes ideal industries: workwear, military, ski and snow. In terms of the structure of these deals, they are typically set up with a two-part fee: the first is an upfront knowledge transfer fee. So that covers the right to utilize the rights and the patent. The second part of that structure comes from a per unit royalty fee, and that's where the true exponential growth happens. So once they test it in one SKU, it's likely that they then want to expand to all 150,000 SKUs, for example. The range of licensing fees in this industry is 3 to 12% Our goal that we're aiming for is 7%. We'll see where we end up on this first deal. But that's how we're thinking about it from a negotiation standpoint.
Paige: How much have you raised to date?
Georgia Grace: We have raised $1.5 million to date from a mix of VCs, family offices and angels, and we have over 50% women on our cap table, which we're really proud of.
Georgia Grace: And then about 225k in cash grants, pitch competition wins, etc.
Mac: What's your current burn and what's your runway?
Georgia Grace: Our average burn for 2023 was just under 60k a month. At our highest, we were looking at 75 and we ended the year in Q4 very lean - under 25k a month. And our runway with this raise is 12 months, so it gets us to Q1 of -
Mac: What's your runway currently?
Georgia Grace: Runway currently is six months.
Mac: What's this five for?
Georgia Grace: The five is to really get the licensing up and running. So not just have the signed LOI in hand, but actively have revenue coming from it before we go out for a priced round.
Elizabeth: Do you spend a lot of money on inventory right now?
Georgia Grace: Yes. Because we are still physical product based, that is mainly where our cashflow gets tied up. We have been able to secure over $400,000 of debt, which we're halfway through paying off, and so that's helped cover most of our inventory costs.
Elizabeth: What are the terms?
Georgia Grace: So this round is on the existing convertible note. The terms that we've raised 1.5 on to date, are 25k minimum and 11 million pre money value cap.
Charles: Are there any other alternative approaches to solving this problem that don't violate your patent?
Georgia Grace: So the only thing on the market actively trying to solve for the bathroom are FUDs - female urination devices. I'm not sure if you've ever seen one, but it's essentially a pee funnel. The top complaints with them are overflow and leakage issues, both of which are solved with the GoFly zipper And at Gnara, it's our belief that the problem is not our anatomy; it's our clothing. And so you shouldn't need to carry around extra gear. But if that works for you, it works with our products too. And since we have been first to market, there have been three smaller Kickstarter campaigns with similar ideas. So they don't have the IP, the functionality, the look that we do. So for example, there's one with an uncovered zipper that starts in the back of the product, which doesn't make a ton of sense, since you only need to unzip so far for most of what you need to do. And then there are ones that feature overlapping flaps, for example, but they're harder to use because it requires two hands.
Georgia Grace: Yeah.
Georgia Grace: I'm on trial.
Georgia Grace: Okay.
Georgia Grace: That would be great.
Georgia Grace: Thanks.
Georgia Grace: Our thought process here, and we definitely have considered raising more, and it's not fully off the table if someone would like to write us a check for more - but the way that we thought about this, was what is the least amount of money we can raise to get where we think of our proof of traction should be And so that's how we landed at that number. There is a world in which this round could be bigger or it could be the priced round. Though again, 50% of it is committed.
Georgia Grace: But we're - we're definitely open to discussing that.
