Investor question: And who do we have here?
Kenny: My name's Kenny Rose. I'm the founder and CEO of FranShares
Kenny: Like shares of franchises.
Kenny: Perfect. So like I said, my name's Kenny Rose. I'm the founder and CEO of FranShares, based in Chicago, Illinois. You've heard of franchising. Does over 800 billion dollars domestically every year. You've probably heard that word and you've thought of McDonald's and Subway, but franchising covers hundreds of different industries, from hair care and automotive, to fitness and even things like waste management. And it employs 8 and a half million people in the US. And I spent a decade in this space as a franchise broker, basically working with people who were interested in franchise ownership, recommending them specific brands, coaching them through that whole research and purchase process. In total, I've worked with over 600 different brands. And throughout this time, I realized a very big problem: most people who want to be franchisees and can afford it, they don't want to work in it. They want it as an investment. And then you also have great entrepreneurs, who would love to be franchisees but they're not worth a million dollars, and they could have all of the best experience in the world. So that's why we created FranShares. FranShares is the first investment marketplace where people can invest in franchises. Investing in franchises provides outsized returns compared to the stock market, while providing passive income, a hedge against inflation, and diversification from market volatility. We launched last year and had the largest launch ever for an alternative investing platform, with over 18 million in investments, and we have 42,000 sign ups for our upcoming offerings. We're raising a $4 million seed round of which we already have 2.475 already committed and wired over. And we're looking to facilitate all the supply and demand that we've built up and make franchising not just an asset class but an investment you can actually understand and trust.
Investor question: Could you help me make that happen?
Panel Investor: So let's say I was an employee of up-and-coming fast casual restaurant, they start franchising, I want to run one. I don't have any capital. Could you help me make that happen?
Kenny: That's what - that's what we're doing. You know, the biggest problem in franchising is employee turnover, and it makes sense because there's no upward mobility and there's no benefits. But at FranShares, we're solving that, because we want people to start working all the way from the bottom and work their way up to manager, because that's the person who should be the franchisee - the person who knows the business inside-out.
Kenny: Not someone who came off Wall Street because their check clears.
Investor question: So how do you manage, as a marketplace, those three things at once?
Panel Investor: So it sounds like you have three customers. You have the franchises that you gotta get on the platform, you got the people who want to be franchisees, who don't have the capital, and then you got the investors, who are like, I need some more alternatives. So how do you manage, as a marketplace, those three things at once?
Kenny: Yep. So when it comes to investors, we've got everything from retail, non-accredited and accredited, all the way to institutional, like, private equity and family office. Because frankly, none of these people have access to this as an asset class. But then from the franchise world side, we're actually removing the biggest barrier to their growth, because even McDonald's, their biggest barrier to growth for new franchisees, they have to already be wealthy. Then they have to be wealthy and want to run a McDonald's. And McDonald's does not allow outside investors. So, you know, all these brands, they want owner-operators, but they need owner-operators who have capital. So the brands, they come in immediately. They already know this is a huge need; this makes all the sense in the world to them. They've had a problem for decades, which is when people apply to be a franchisee, they skip past what their experience is and go straight to their net worth and liquidity statement. So we're removing that so they can actually, instead, give out franchises based on merit and what their previous experience was.
Investor question: So is there a nice loop here where, for example, McDonald’s can say, hey, guess what everybody?
Panel Investor: So is there a nice loop here where, for example, McDonald’s can say, hey, guess what everybody? Or hey star employees who have been here for the last 10 years working their way up, there is now this vehicle that you could go to that we're just letting you know of -
Panel Investor: Potentially - or is that a conflict of interest or something like that?
Kenny: Nope, that's exactly -
Kenny: That's exactly what they want. Yeah. People are what make franchises run. The American dream is you should work hard and be able to get it. Just, frankly, it's harder to find people who can do startups. Franchises, there are a ton of them, they just don't have the capital for it.
Kenny: Yep.
Kenny: Yeah.
Investor question: Do I see a list of franchises or franchisees that I want to invest with?
Panel Investor: I don't know if I completely understand the franchisee side of the house, but let me try - let me understand some more about the investor side of the house. Do I see a list of franchises or franchisees that I want to invest with?
Kenny: So right now it's like franchisees, the opportunities. Hey, this person wants to go build three stores in this market.
Investor question: And so how do I vet them on your platform?
Panel Investor: And so how do I vet them on your platform? If I see like a list of all these people who want to own franchises, well, I want to own a franchise too. Great. How does your platform help me vet them?
Kenny: Yep. So I spent - well, some back story. Franchising's regulated by the Federal Trade Commission. As part of that, every franchise has to put out what's called a franchise disclosure document. And this is everything about the franchise, from the leadership team, company financials, cost to build locations broken down by line item, how much they make. So there is actually a ton of transparency in the franchise world, and that's one thing people love about it, as compared to, you know, I mean, look how big the crypto market got and people didn't understand how it worked. This is something where you get to understand, like, you know, what you're buying into because you can see what the costs are. It's not something that we're making up..
Investor question: Is it just the operator's background, they've helped operate a store that's generated X amount of rev - like, what are the things that I'm going to be looking for?
Panel Investor: But then like - so what things do you show me on your platform to help me make that decision, right? Is it just the operator's background, they've helped operate a store that's generated X amount of rev - like, what are the things that I'm going to be looking for?
Kenny: - a lot - good way to see is kind of like an AngelList for franchises, in that you're showing both the franchisor, which, again, public information just put into one place. You're showing the franchisee and their background, so even like, you know, we'd have them record a video because it's all about investing in people.
Kenny: And then also everything about their background. So what they've done in the past and specifically what they've done in franchising. You know, a great example is a system called Teriyaki Madness, which is the largest competitor to Panda Express, we found that these -
Kenny: We reached out to them and immediately they're like, yep, these are the franchisees you should talk to, because they know who the best operators are. And this is a husband-wife team, they met while working at Buffalo Wild Wings together. They opened 150 locations between them. Experts. But they work for corporate. They don't have a million dollars laying around. And so they put everything together to buy what was a failing location and immediately turned it around, huge winner. They wanted to expand, but again, they weren't already millionaires. We funded their second location. It hit profitability in the second month, which is -
Kenny: - pretty unheard of in franchising, and they just won franchisee of the year in that system.
Kenny: Yeah. So you want to fund the actual operators.
Investor question: So you said 800 billion is what this market is a year?
Panel Investor: So you said 800 billion is what this market is a year? And hundreds of businesses are actually franchised businesses?
Kenny: Thousands.
Kenny: There are more brands franchised than there are stocks on the Nasdaq.
Kenny: It is a huge industry.
Investor question: What is your take rate?
Panel Investor: So you mentioned the 18 million in investment last year. What is your take rate?
Kenny: Very similar to a Fundrise or a Masterworks. It's one or two percent every year on the investor. And then for the franchisees, you know, we didn't want to take 5 or 10% of the raise up front; we find that would hinder their ability to grow. So instead, just like the franchisors, we do a royalty model. It's one or two percent to start, and eventually as we bring in more benefits to the franchisees, we can eventually scale that up to 5 to 7%.
Investor question: What's your timeline for your final close on this round?
Panel Investor: So, you're raising a 4 million dollar priced round. What's your timeline for your final close on this round?
Kenny: Um - prefer six to eight weeks. As fun as fundraising is, I just want to get back to work.
Kenny: It's a priced round with preferred equity at a 19 million post-money valuation -
Kenny: - and it's being led by Chicago Ventures.
Investor question: When did you start raising that?
Kenny: About a year ago, to be honest. It's one of the worst times to fundraise right now, and - also, we definitely put a pause on it to go build some more, cos that's just too much time, and kicked it back up -
Investor question: And do you not think that the valuation is a little frothy?
Kenny: You know, we got caught in between times. You know, it was between the fiery market and the market now.
Kenny: Comparables for this -
Panel Investor: 2021?
Kenny: Uhh I know a wine and investing one that went for over 6x gross investment value. I also know real estate ones that went for over 30x and there's a lot of real estate ones. Masterworks went for 4x their gross investment volume, and we're looking for a little over one.
Investor question: What are you gonna do with that money?
Panel Investor: What are you gonna do with that money? Tell us more.
Kenny: So we've done all this with five people. And so we'd like to grow out the team a little bit. We'd also like to continue to invest in investor acquisition. Once they come on, you know, people reinvest and we don't plan on continuing paid acquisition for a long time because we've already been talking to groups like Franklin Templeton, Fifth Thirds Bank, First Trust - because they want to offer their clients new alternative investments, because right now they're all going into real estate. They need an alternative they understand and that's what this is.
Kenny: Yeah.
Investor question: What's your background?
Kenny: Yeah. I was part of a - so they franchise everything. It was a franchise brokerage once. That's how I got my start in franchising.
Kenny: And I was running a big territory but I couldn't actually buy it unless I wanted to go move to, I think it was Idaho they had available territory. And also, I wasn't worth a million bucks. I've suffered this exact same problem. And I'm the son of an entrepreneur. I watched my dad build and lose everything multiple times, uh including in the - owning a restaurant at one point. Because frankly just because you have money doesn't mean you know how to run a restaurant.
Kenny: And that's the same thing in the franchise world. So you can have all the money in the world, but if you don't have the right experience or the right business plan, you're just lighting it on fire. And so, you know, I really love - I mean, I grew up five years in a town that didn't allow franchises in it. So I was very like removed from it, and then got introduced to it and I thought it was all fast food. And then I realized that it was just solving so many problems that I had myself. It's like, I'm entrepreneurial, but I didn't have an idea for the next Facebook, but I'm a hard worker, I've got drive and motivation. And so I saw the value of what franchising is. And also like you see people who are going to college and then just working at a Starbucks. But the thing is like this is like how you solve future entrepreneurship. Like, some people - I mean, I see a vision in the future where people are like, hey, I don't want to spend a hundred thousand on college. I'd rather get a job, work my way up, and then own my own business, because I see a path to ownership here.
Investor question: What is sort of the biggest growth category in franchises?
Kenny: Oh, there's so many of them.
Investor question: Is that holding its own?
Kenny: So there are just so many industries out there. I mean, we're - ah we're getting into the med spa space right now -
Kenny: I mean, new industries that are coming about -
Kenny: - they're getting franchised. So that's the thing. As new industries evolve, they eventually get franchised and consolidated.
Kenny: Food, I'm not the biggest fan of, to be honest. I'm actually a co-author on an Amazon bestseller called More Than Just French Fries. Frankly, it's a war for pennies, and it's not a war I like to play. But frankly, service businesses are where I see the most opportunity. You know, things like, again, the hair care and automotive space where you're not having to constantly get inventory. You are - you're doing a markup for a service, and the profit margins are a lot higher. Like, we're in a waste management franchise.
Kenny: And you know, that's got 70% profit margins. So you know, the more we grow and the more people understand franchising, the more they'll be okay with all these different industries.
Kenny: So I will say, it varies greatly, because -
Kenny: - so many different industries. Our targets are - like, we're trying to go for around the 20% plus IRR. And that's about a split, almost half way between income, which is paid quarterly, and then equity growth.
Investor question: What's the minimum investment somebody can make on this platform?
Kenny: $500. The idea is to democratize for everyone, not to hold it away.
Kenny: And the thing is, as compared to like a Fundrise or an Acretrader or a Masterworks -
Kenny: - you're not investing in something thousands of miles away. You're investing in something in your community.
Kenny: And so that tangible effect is also going to drive returns to it. The people who invest $500, that's the Reddit v Wall Street crowd. Those are people who are going to shout it from the rooftop. Go order more delivery. They're gonna go get their -
Kenny: Yeah. Yeah. Like, why do you recommend something? Usually it's because you have a great service or you're incentivized. And if you own a piece of it, you're very incentivized.
Investor question: What's the biggest challenge here?
Kenny: Um - raising venture capital, because I use the 'f' word. Franchising. [laughs] um No, honestly, um I think it'll be - I mean, we have a really big goal of like getting more family offices and private equity involved for larger checks. A lot of times, they want more control than typically more passive investing. And frankly, like, one of the reasons the franchisors like us is that we're not private equity. We don't want all the control. We want to invest in entrepreneurs, not hold them back, but give them opportunity.
Panel Investor: And of these three buckets. You know, you're getting the operator, you're getting the franchise, you're getting the investors. Like, where's the gap? Where's the smallest bucket that needs more attention.
Kenny: Um - I mean, I'd say the franchisors. But again, this is something that like really - it solves their biggest problem.
Kenny: You know, great example is we've been talking to Bojangles for a while. They got almost a thousand locations. But they're stuck in the southeast, primarily.
Kenny: And so, you know, I asked them like what's your target market you'd want to go to, and they say Phoenix. Great. How many corporate stores you have? They have 200. So it's like great. Those aren't corporate stores anymore - those are franchisee farms. Because you're training up GMs to run these things -
Kenny: Already have them.
Kenny: Pick your five favorite GMs. We're gonna give them the opportunity of a lifetime. Would you like to move to Phoenix and we'll give you a three to five store development plan? Who says no to that? And so now they've got the best possible people operating it from the franchise side -
Kenny: From investors, you're investing in the best possible people.
Kenny: And then in penetrating a new market, you know, the hardest thing is getting market awareness. You gotta spend a lot on marketing. But if you prioritize those local investors first, they're there for the grand openings. They're bringing people to the grand openings. So again, we don't get a lot of pushback, other than from the venture side.
Investor question: Who else is doing this? Why aren't they doing it?
Kenny: Nobody and I'll tell you why. Real estate, there's 30 or 40 different ones. I could probably throw a rock outside and find an expert in real estate. I made a rash decision when I was 23 years old and I got into the franchise world. And it's very tough to find people who have experience working in different franchise industries.
Kenny: So really, the two groups that you could find that could do anything like this are franchise brokers and investment bankers. Investment bankers make too much to make a leap, and brokers, I'm the youngest in the industry by 20 or 30 years. The franchise industry is extremely small. You know, I get calls from VCs all the time, any time someone uses the word 'franchise', because they're like, hey, will this work? And my question's always: are they from the franchise industry? Because frankly, if they're not, the franchise industry won't welcome them.
Kenny: It's like the oldest CRM - sorry, the most widely used CRM in franchising is - I'm not going to trash up here, but it's not great. It's over 20 years old.
Kenny: I mean, there's clearly new and better CRMs, but the thing is is that they're not in with the club. And so I've spent a decade and I've - I like to think I've made a lot of great relationships with a lot of people, and so, you know, again, we've been waiting to finish this round so we could go scale it up.
Panel Investor: Who likes to tell the story of how he met this company with this really unique founder. Really loved the company, loved what they were doing, but the valuation was 600 million. And he felt like that was just too high. So he passed. That company happened to be Uber.
Kenny: Yeah.
Kenny: I appreciate you.
Kenny: Awesome. Hey, I appreciate it. Look forward to having you on board.
Panel Investor: How about you, Beck?
Kenny: I respect it.
Kenny: If it helps, it's 15 pre.
Kenny: You said it was about 15! I’m working with you!
