Investor question: How much are you raising and what terms?
Panel Investor: I was impressed by your thoughtfulness about the problem. And I think injecting humor in a brand is something I like to see.
Before today’s pitch even kicks off, there’s something in the room that’s got the investors’ attention — sitting center stage is a rowing machine. Or, as those in the know call it, an erg.
Male Speaker 2: Is this going to be the Peloton of rowing?
Kevin: You guys have met our friend the erg over here?
Kevin: Well cool. My name is Kevin Allen, I’m the CEO of Row Vigor. And this is Moses, he is our Chief Technology Officer. So about three years ago, a good friend of mine I’ve known since I was 13 years old, 20 year fitness professional, came to me and he said - I think there’s an opportunity for rowing based fitness in our space. He said, he kept having customers that come to him asking for good rowing based fitness.
Kevin: I found out a lot of good things about rowing and rowing fitness in general that spelled opportunity for me. a lot of physical therapists recommend rowing, particularly when you have a knee or hip replacement. I found out that there wasn’t really a big national brand for rowing based fitness.
Kevin: We wanted to build a community around rowing based fitness. Seven months later we had our thousand people. We had been written up in The Washington Post, we were rated one of the top fitness experiences in the area
Kevin: Fast forward to today. I think the timing is right for software that can support rowing based fitness and a community based experience at home. and now we’re 30 days from launching our in-home product that we call the Vigor Box. The Vigor Box is everything you need to enjoyrowing based fitness./
Kevin: would you like to see one? We can show you one of our classes.
Moses: We made our app both for iPad as well as the iPhone.
Moses: What we did with our brick and mortar, we looked at our most popular classes, and we basically took the data from that and we selected our top three classes from that. And so here's our fitness partner, Fola.
Moses: Either way. Either way.
Kevin: No. In the beginning there will be archive classes. Could we go to a live class model? Absolutely. Could we go to a model where we set up cameras inside various studios and strike deals with different brick and mortar based companies? Absolutely. Right now we're hyper focused on an archive based solution on the training, on the goal setting. But these are all possibilities for us down the line.
Panel Investor: So Phil you're a big Peloton person. Correct?
Kevin: One of the things we see in the fitness market is that a lot of people are putting content out. Which Peloton is doing in an outstanding way. But they're not supporting their customers in a journey. I was talking to a woman the other day who has a Peloton bike and she said, I love it, I love the classes. But what I don't love is that there's no accountability. No one is telling me that I have to go to class. No one is asking about me if I don't join that class.
Kevin: Somebody is there looking at your data saying, hey, Kevin, you've only been on the erg once this week. You have a goal in six months to be ready for your daughter's wedding. Why aren't you getting on the erg? So we make everybody give us a goal, we onboard them that way, and we continually refine those goals.
Investor question: How specific does a goal have to be?
Panel Investor: How specific does a goal have to be? Because I'd imagine a lot of people are like, I just want to get in shape. It's not a specific, it's not tied to an event, it's not tied to a specific weight loss goal, I just want to get in shape. That's one. And two, what is retention, what does retention have to look like for a service like this for it to make sense for you?
Kevin: We want to be north of 85% in terms of keeping people engaged. We think we can do better than that. We're looking at this in the 90 - 95% range just because of the elements that we talked about.
Kevin: But, you know, we also believe that in terms of goal setting, you can make it as specific as you want to make it. We would want the person, and the reason, we have a very specific process laid out that includes you setting a goal first, which may be very general, and then us following up and asking you a question or two. That's that personal training piece, and that's why that's so important.
Kevin: First of all, we do teach the right rowing technique. On the app, all the time, is somebody showing you the proper rowing technique. Second of all, because we allowed basically Facetime for Row Vigor, you can actually plug in, show a trainer, this is how I'm rowing, and they can correct you real time through the application.
Investor question: And how does content creation work? How does that piece of the puzzle fit?
Panel Investor: I actually really like the hybrid model that you guys are going for. The personal trainer plus the content library. And how does content creation work? How does that piece of the puzzle fit? So at the moment it sounds like you guys are developing your own programs, developing this your own content, essentially, on the app.What's that piece?
Kevin: So early on, we're going to replicate what has been successful for us to date, and that's filming existing classes, basically staged classes. So like you might see, going back to the old Jane Fonda workouts.
Kevin: They're great. They're great.
Panel Investor: I still have the machine, because I can't get it on a disc. I kid you not. I even have those little workout things on. You know, the leggings. They're sexy, aren't they? They smack sexy.
Panel Investor: Those are coming back aren’t they? I feel like they’re coming back.
Kevin: I could see that. That's a little scary in my mind.
Kevin: You've done it a lot of times. My wife does our kettlebell workout every day. Like that's her thing.
Panel Investor: Really? So the kettle bell. Okay, go back to the thing and then we'll ask you.
Kevin: Filming existing workout staged. So not going into a class and filming a live class. Getting it staged. Running about $15 - 20,000 per production. We're working to get that cost down with our producer.
Investor question: How many do you have in the can?
Kevin: We have three archived now.
Kevin: That's our own Row Vigor content.
Investor question: is this content so much better than the free substitutes out there that folks would be willing to pay?
Panel Investor: When I think about media like that, I think a lot about substitutable media. Like, I go on YouTube, I find something that's like not as high production value, but I can probably find like a hundred videos on how to row the right way. is this content so much better than the free substitutes out there that folks would be willing to pay? And I get that there's a community element too, so I'm not just anchoring on the content. But have you seen any proof points around willingness to pay for a library of that high production value content?
Kevin: Well, there's plenty of models out there where people are streaming content and getting paid for it.
Panel Investor: and then how much is the consumer paying for the annual subscription?
Kevin: For the Vigor Box with the Concept 2 and a year's worth of subscription it's about $1400.
Panel Investor: But just... So if I renew my subscription in year two, how much am I paying?
Kevin: It'll be $25 a month right now on average. We're looking at a tiered strategy where we're giving users access to content based on that pricing.
Kevin: $25 a month will include 30 minutes of personal training per month. And get you access to all of our content as it stands today.
Investor question: Does the consumer want this bundle?
Panel Investor: Does the consumer want this bundle? So I could go out and get a rowing machine, I could go out and subscribe to MoveWith, I can go out and get a personal trainer. And that costs me x dollars, and that's an unbundled solution. This is a bundled solution. Why am I going for your bundle?
Kevin: Convenience, mostly. Rowing is probably new to a lot of people in our consumer base, so they're saying I need a solution where somebody is going to support me in being successful at what I do. That's why we believe that people will come to us and want the whole bundle.It's not about just throwing content at you. It's aboutmaking you successful as a fitness person, as somebody who wants to have a healthy lifestyle.
Kevin: It's a convenience play, quite honestly.
Investor question: Is it a price play?
Kevin: Um.
Kevin: The personal training piece is certainly a price play. Because if you're going to get somebody personally, it could cost you $100, $150, $200 an hour or up. Because we're doing this virtually, we can offer it at a much reduced pricing point. So there is some value to that.
Investor question: Can I just, so you can have a headless subscription?
Panel Investor: But to Daniel’s point, can I unbundle if my gym has a rowing machine and I’m just looking to augment my workout? I like the instruction, I like Fola, I like the experience, but I don’t want to buy a Row Vigor for my house. Can I just, so you can have a headless subscription?
Kevin: We have an app-only model as well built into this. So you can buy the app, you can buy the bundle. You can buy this in whatever pieces that you want.
Investor question: So where are you in terms of traction? Where are you with revenue? What stage are you at?
Kevin: We’re 30 days away from launch. So we’ve got the application together, we’ve got, we’re polishing now, we’ve started pre-sales last week, just putting out, saying we’re going to have a Vigor Box, here’s what it looks like. Would you rent it or would you buy it? So we’re also starting to get indications of interest from there. But we are pre-revenue with regard to the product. We’ve made some money...
Investor question: How much?
Kevin: Excuse me?
Investor question: How much have you made?
Kevin: We made $40,000 during our little experiment in the brick and mortar. But again, that was designed to be an experiment. I don’t really consider that revenue because it’s not based on the model that we have. So we are pre-revenue technically. But we’re ready to go.
