Panel Investor: Bite me coming blah blah
Jillian Manus and Michael Hyatt, reunited at last. Get excited, because that dynamic duo and the rest of the investors are about to meet a founder who is throwing the Silicon Valley playbook out the window.
Rahul Jindal is only asking for 100 thousand dollars in the Pitch room today. He has his business down to a science, he knows exactly where he’ll put every venture dollar, and he thinks he can use that humble round of fundraising to build a clothing rental empire.
And a scrappy founder is exactly what vc's are looking for ... right?
From Gimlet, this is The Pitch. I’m Josh Muccio.
Today’s investors are:
I’m Phil Nadel
Phil built companies that sold for hundreds of millions of dollars. Now he manages Forefront Venture Partners, one of the largest syndicates on AngelList.
I’m Jillian Manus
Jillian is a partner at Structure Capital, where they’ve invested 98 million in high-profile startups like Uber.
I’m Michael Hyatt
Michael built and sold two software companies for over $500 million dollars and now he invests for himself.
I’m Charles Hudson
Charles started Precursor Ventures where he’s invested $45 million in over 100 startups to date.
All right, on with The Pitch.
Rahul: Hello.
Rahul: So hello everyone. I’m Rahul. So I’ll take you back a few years. 26 years old. I’ve spent my whole life working in what I call an engineering outfit. Blue shirt, baggy suit, white shirt once in a while. I worked all over the midwest. I used to work for Rolls Royce, Jet Engines And then I got a job for McKinsey. So I moved to New York City, and immediately it was very apparent that whether it was serving a client or going out trying to get a date, frankly, something just didn’t work.
Rahul: And so now fast forward four weeks into New York, I’ve got a date with this girl that I’ve had a massive crush on all through college years. And I’ve got to go and pick out an outfit So then I went, I tried to shop around, six hours in, I couldn’t find anything. Tried Trunk Club. They sold me good stuff. I remember, two shirts and a pair of pants and it cost me $500. Expensive. I wore it, I looked good, I admit. But, that’s ridiculous.
Rahul: If I have a thousand dollars, 2000, 3000 to burn, anyone can make me look like James Bond. But that’s not what I have I can’t afford to do that living in New York And that’s when I realized something’s broken in the market I like to look good. I don’t know how to do it So, how do we fix that. That’s when I invented Hyde. it’s rental clothing. Like clockwork, week on week, you get your entire outfit.
Panel Investor: So it’s like Rent the Runway Work but for men?
Rahul: But for men. But it’s complete. Men don’t like putting together outfits. That’s what people have missed We say, no, no. What have you got going on You’ve got to go to a work dinner? Tell me where it is. Oh, you know, it’s a nice four star restaurant here. Great. I’ll put together a nice blazer for you, with dark wash jeans, with a pair of nice boots, perhaps, or wing tip shoes. All of this shows up at your doorstep. Sunglasses, cologne, everything. And you’re wearing $1500 worth of stuff for $50 so it’s easy on the wallet too.
Rahul: If you take Rent the Runway and merge it with Trunk Club, you get this.
Investor question: $50 a week?
Rahul: $50 per outfit.
Rahul: So I’ll walk you through the plans we have $50 for a one off. One off is basically hey, you’ve got somewhere to go, here’s your box. Thanks very much. A lot of people come back. $80 if you want it twice a month. And the last one is 150 a month, which is like clockwork every week
Panel Investor: The $80 offering, is that a week’s worth of clothing? Or is that...
Rahul: Yes.
Panel Investor: So it’s a full week’s worth of clothing?
Rahul: So it’s always two shirts, pair of pants, outerwear, shoes, belt, sunglasses, and/or a tie. And cologne and all that.
Rahul: We try to optimize for an outfit and a half
Investor question: Can you show us?
Rahul: Yeah, absolutely. Please go ahead.
Investor question: Do you want to hand us one? Do you want to show it? What’s easier?
Rahul: There you are.
Rahul: It’s everything
Rahul: Yes. So I wanted to put these shoes in specifically to show you.
Rahul: I put that in specifically for that reason.
Rahul: I wanted to show you the last turn.
Rahul: Ah, yes. Sales. So we now have 35 running clients. I started it in December purely sort of promotional activities. Signed with 700 people within about three weeks, give or take. We did a couple of popups. And we signed and we started supplying to 35 people. umm
Investor question: What happened to the 700?
Rahul: That’s just our sort of active engaged user list. I can’t let in more right now without hiring more operations people. Because my product experience will fall.
Investor question: Well what’s involved with that? Why is that holding you back?
Rahul: The first is the actual styling. So I want stylists to be building these boxes, not someone just randomly doing it So what I’ve built now is that stylists can assemble boxes remotely. They don’t need to be with the clothes Second component is the actual packing, the logistics of it I still need someone to actually package the boxes. Bringing everything into inventory and then checking it out of inventory, that needs to be immaculate. Right now, we don’t have things like barcode scanners so we’re all doing it manually. It works really well, but it takes time, and I need people to do that.
Investor question: Can you explain the styling and the inventory?
Rahul: That’s absolutely my favorite question. So that’s the secret sauce here. What we’ve found is that four social events cover 80 to 90% of an average man’s calendar during a given week. Sunday brunch, Thursday happy hour, Friday formal date, Saturday casual date. That’s it. If I can solve for these four events for the sizes, which also by the way, living in a metropolitan city, if you look them up they cluster, the median is a 40R. If you can pick up your sizes at that median, and forget about the two tails, I can cover most of my inventory. And I’m seeing that now in my data.
Rahul: So the model does exactly that right now. When you join on, it spits out to me and says, let’s say, I’m assuming you’re a 42R?
Rahul: Okay. So if...
Rahul: Okay. 42 long. So you come on. It’ll tell me we have three 42 long blazers for him. We are okay for three weeks. It’s predictive buying. Then it tells me for the fourth week, if he sticks on, we need to buy something for him. And so I can now time the market. I can look out for sales. I can tell my buyers to say you’ve got three weeks. If he stays on, buy him something.
Investor question: Have you raised money to date?
Rahul: Yeah. So we did. So we did a small round I’ve raised 100 grand from a strategic. And then $20,000 friends and family. Personally, I’ve put in about 20 grand with my partner.
Investor question: So how much money are you looking for?
Rahul: A convertible note, 100 grand would be great.
Investor question: You’re looking for 100 grand?
Rahul: M-hm.
Investor question: Why so little?
Rahul: I think that’ll take me to the 2500 customers I need and then we can raise a round after that. uhh I think anything greater than that at his stage will be too dilutive…
Investor question: What’s your convertible note terms?
Panel Investor: What’s your convertible note terms? Tell me about it.
Rahul: A $1 million cap.
Rahul: I don’t want to give it a ridiculous valuation and... Look, I’ve done a lot of things in my professional life, I haven’t raised money.
Investor question: So what’s your revenue? If you sign on those 2500 clients, what’s the revenue?
Rahul: So 2500 clients, what we’ve averaged out, what we’ve seen so far is about $100 per client a month.
Investor question: And then what’s your acquisition cost?
Rahul: My acquisition cost ranged between 20 and 40 dollars. We have not done any social media marketing. I haven’t spent a single penny because I don’t know enough about it, and I know enough about it to know it’s a money hole. So I haven’t put any money on it So things we have done is I’ve gone and done fireside chats at WeWorks in DC. I’ve had popup stores at Union Market, at you know the DC startup week, etc. That’s where I’ve gotten people to sign up for the list. Then off of that list, I’ve converted people by literally going down and seeing who’s opening our emails the most we’ll only email them. That’s how we got to the 35, because I knew they would sign on.
Investor question: I mean, this is a customer acquisition business, right?
Rahul: 100%.
Rahul: Oh it has to be.
Rahul: 100%. It has to be because I want the marketing person to be fully tied in with the product development and the product roadmap. Otherwise you’re distributing different messages. So I definitely don’t want to outsource this. I just need a good person to come join. Perfectly honest about it. I know that’s a gap I need to fill very quickly.
Panel Investor: First off, I really like you. I’d say in a nice way you’re overly honest and straight up and I think realistic about your valuations and stuff. It’s nice. I think you’re offering a very interesting service. This is kind of cool. umm I guess what I’m struggling with is just the simple idea, is this really going to be a big business?
Rahul: Fair enough. Okay. So I want to grow with the 100 grand to 2500 customers at the end of the year.
Panel Investor: So estimated monthly revenue would be?
Rahul: We’d be at $250,000. That’s a $3 million a year business at the end of the year. Right?
Investor question: Would you have a net margin at that point?
Rahul: I’ll be breaking even at 2500 customers. Now after that, it’s on the upting
Rahul: I can answer that actually. Because I ran the math on that
Rahul: So 2500 customers, $10 a customer spending 25 grand on it. That’s 25% of the $100,000, right?
Rahul: I want about 50 grand to set up a team. I can pay them part-time. Operations and stylists.
Rahul: Because I’ve got... See the thing is, stylists are not actually in the store. They can work offline. That’s the beauty of it. So if I can get that set up, they’re only putting in the hours. They’re not driving anywhere. I can have them in Minneapolis for all I care.
Rahul: Okay. And inventory is actually, because we’re a cash generative business, I’m not actually putting any more money in inventory anymore. The money that the business generates, I buy new clothes with. It’s a cash generative business.
Rahul: I won’t go zero to 25 now. That’s not possible. So as I scale up...
Rahul: Right.
Rahul: Right. It’s six months. But it’ll be a gradual slope to 2500. I have enough inventory now for at least say 70 80 people. I add a bit more, I can get to 100. Now those 100 people are billing up front and then they get…
Rahul: Mm. So they’re clustered.
Rahul: They’re all clustered.
Panel Investor: So there’s two things that are always true about starting a business. It always costs more and it always takes longer And I’ve never met an entrepreneur that says, you know what my problem is? I just raised too much money. It doesn’t usually work that way.
Rahul: Got it.
Rahul: Thank you. Appreciate it
Rahul: Sure.
Rahul: Let me say this. I see your hesitation. Maybe we could take this offline. Because I measure tack time on jet blades. One thing I’m sure about is operations. So maybe I can take this offline and walk you through it.
