Thor: Hey Josh, Thor Wood founder of SnapShyft. How are ya?
Investor question: Your name is Thor?
Thor: Yes, ma’am.
Thor: My name’s Thor Wood. I’m the founder and CEO of SnapShyft. So a priest, a rabbi and a nun are sitting in a restaurant waiting for service. And in walks an elephant. They immediately recognize the danger of this situation and quickly vacate. This elephant in the room is the seemingly unsolvable problem that’s plaguing the food and beverage and hospitality industry. Staffing. You’ve got record high turnover, record low retention for workers and managers. It takes a month to replace an employee. And replacement costs alone are a staggering $150 billion each year in the US. Solutions that exist today have done nothing to mitigate the problems. So we created the SnapShyft labor marketplace. Our solution connects these understaffed food and beverage and hospitality operations with actual qualified industry pros on demand.
Thor: We’re growing 45% month over month. And this is directly tied to our actual chart topping fulfilment rate that is three times the staffing industry average. And that's just part of the story. Because the workers love us. They're getting paid near instantly through us. Earning on average over 50% more than the national industry rate. Now I'm here today to raise $250,000 to help us move forward with additional pilots, and product enhancements for our target customer base. Thank you.
Thor: So, it would take roughly 3 minutes for you to create an account, as a business. We validate you, that you exist with tax ID. And it’ll take you 30 seconds to post a shift. And immediately it’s broadcast in a radial pattern. So it’s going to hit the highest rated, that are the closest, that meet your requirements.
Investor question: How fast can I get somebody?
Panel Investor: Smart. How fast can I get somebody? It’s 3 pm and I just heard my sous chef’s not gonna turn by 5. Can I, is that fast?
Thor: Our record’s 18 minutes.
Panel Investor: I post a $15 job and you’re pretty sure I’m not going to get any calls for it, for example, do you come back to me and say, up it to 17, you get your job? //
Thor: We actually provide analytics that’ll give you a percentage, odds of fulfilment.
Thor: So if you’re at 15 and it’s 60%.
Thor: Right.
Panel Investor: And I assume that what happens is, I need a sous chef right away so I'm going to pay more money to have him come in. So it's the on demand, I pay a premium?
Thor: So for on-demand, $35. For advance scheduled, it's 20. On the back end, we have a la carte charges. So if you want to boost your shift, it’s $3. If you want white glove service, it’s $20.
Investor question: What’s white glove service?
Panel Investor: Oh, kind of like Auto Trader with the cars. What’s white glove service?
Thor: That’s where my team, specifically my cofounder Stephanie, who manages the ops, she’ll jump in and make sure that, you know, we’re giving it an extra crank.
Investor question: How many people do that?
Thor: Right now, it’s Stephanie, myself.
Investor question: How many take you up on it?
Investor question: How many customers?
Panel Investor: No, no. How many take you up on it?
Thor: Oh, on the white glove? We’re at least 50/50. White glove is very sought after.
Investor question: Why?
Panel Investor: Why? Because someone will physically go and fill that job? Finds John Smith, puts him in?
Thor: So the system is automatically sending out push alerts. This means we’ll send out a batch of texts as well.
Investor question: And what’s, what’s the premium on that?
Thor: It’s, it’s $20.
Investor question: How many workers are in the system now?
Thor: So 27,000.
Thor: But they’re not all active because they’re spread, they’re.
Investor question: How many are active?
Thor: Ah we’ve got, I believe, 8,000 that are active. Um, and it fluctuates.
Investor question: How do you qualify a worker?
Thor: So you have to have at least six months experience in the industry that we can validate through references. And then we run a seven-year county criminal background check. You pass that, we'll do the reference check. You pass that, you're activated. But then we hold you accountable.
Investor question: Do you get rated like an Uber kind of thing?
Thor: Absolutely.
Thor: Yes.
Investor question: Which company?
Investor question: What's Pared?
Thor: Right.
Thor: So, Midwest. Ah, grew up in Indianapolis. Um, Catholic family. Anyway, got into ah recruiting. Found out that I was pretty good at it. I did that for twelve years. But in terms of food and beverage and hospitality, I did this since I was 14. And so I've got family members that own the catering operations and I was always working. I was bartender, I was back of house, security, from time to time. Ah... But I always, it always came back to the frustrations. I literally hated the industry because I was a hard worker. And if people didn't show up, I'm doing their job for not much more.
Investor question: And are you guys based in Indianapolis?
Thor: Yeah. We’re headquartered in Indy. Ah proud to be. It’s a huge convention town. I believe it ranked number 13.
Investor question: Are you really just all your revenue right now is Indianapolis?
Thor: Ah we’ve got a little bit coming from Denver.
Investor question: What’s your next five cities?
Thor: Heh. So ah, Chicago. We’re gonna lock and load further on Denver. We have Nashville, we have Miami, and then ah Philadelphia.
Investor question: How are you going to open up Chicago? What are we gonna do?
Thor: Ah, we’ve got 2,800 workers already. So...
Investor question: How?
Thor: That’s our sales. The workers are the ones that bring, we have referral programs to bring businesses in.
Investor question: Okay, but how do you sign up the restaurants in Chicago?
Thor: I’m not following your question.
Thor: Right.
Investor question: Who is physically in Chicago that’s going to be, it’s just contract sales?
Thor: No, so we will do it in-house in Indianapolis. Or it’s self-serve. They can quickly get on and do it.
Investor question: But how are you finding these restaurants to come on your platform?
Thor: Oh. So yeah. Chicago’s massive, right. So we’ve got tens of thousands in a list already. We’ve been building a list.
Investor question: So what are you going to do? You gonna cold call them?
Investor question: Are you gonna call them?
Thor: No, we’re not going to cold call. Unless you’re our ideal customer. Think about not restaurants but more, more or less full service hotel operations.
Thor: Catering options. Venues. Like large event or convention facilities. Because then you have a hierarchy where you’ve got typically a general manager, a VP. Perhaps you have legal involved, you have HR. And so what we found, when you have those layers, you insulate yourself from turnover. Because managers are lasting five months. So if I sold you as a restaurant today, odds are you’re not going to be there. Our champion’s gone and I have to sell you again in three to five months.
Thor: Pick up the phone and then get in person.
Investor question: You have to go, you have to go in person?
Thor: Let me give you an idea of why.
Panel Investor: Charles, the company you invested in, do they have, are they really working on the tech stack?
Thor: Yes.
Thor: It’s tough. Near impossible.
Thor: Yes.
Thor: Absolutely. And the reason I’m bringing this up, so our most recent ideal client is going to be a $300,000 a year client. I will get on a plane for that client. Versus a restaurant that’s going to do $1,200 with us a year.
Thor: Exactly as she laid out. We’re going to have a sales team. We want to have, right now, with this, finishing this raise, we want to add three account executives.
Investor question: It's not scalable, right?
Thor: And that's fair. And we're doing things right now that do not scale, absolutely. Uh. It's self-torture. I joked about that today. Ah, like consistent self-torture.
Investor question: So what, what are you, what are you gonna bring in and, I hate to use the word, because it's overused, but AI or prediction machines or something that starts knocking out a lot of things humans would do to make this much better?
Investor question: How long have you been waiting for that?
Thor: Yeah. Over time, you're going to accumulate tons of data, and that trove can be used for predictive purposes.
Thor: I know.
Thor: Right.
Thor: Yeah. To give you an idea, to answer your question with a side statement, we need 1,000 of our ideal customers to trust in us. And we're at a million doll - or a hundred million dollars, excuse me. At those numbers that I told you earlier. Now we have to earn that. But how do we scale? How do we get that 10x or beyond.
Thor: I know what you're asking.
Thor: Sure.
Investor question: What do you have that makes it so I won't be able to catch up to you in three to five years?
Thor: Fulfilment, at the end of the day.
Thor: Yeah.
Investor question: What will you do with the data?
Thor: Workers like to be guided. You're going to be great at this position, here you go. But we have to have the data on what they're good at, their personality. It goes a little bit deeper than just surface-level skills. So being able to collect that, and to be able to do something. Most of our, the able bodies in the US are not engineers. They're not in IT. They're blue collar. We can impact them. But we have to be able to build this thing out so that we can suggest to them, and then start to impact the turnover rate, which is some regards over 100%. If you can meaningfully impact that at all, you're talking billions.
Investor question: Are you trying to match skills with open jobs?
Thor: Yes.
Investor question: And we're, you are going to upskill them?
Thor: Yeah, I like what, how you describe that.
Thor: And but externship, upskilling, that sort of thing is very powerful.
Thor: And we've got people, we have a coin system. That is basically in-app points. And we've got people that have crossed 100,000 and they're literally getting jobs now as at premiere restaurants as sous-chefs when they didn't even have knife skills. You're definitely upskilling. And ah, there's a lot to that.
Thor: Sure.
Thor: But the answer's yes. It's on our roadmap. But I will say that there's competitors out there that do that today, and they're at 34% fulfilment rate. And we're at 91% for the entire of 2019. And that’s where this 150 billion dollars, half of that is lost productivity because they don't have the workers.
Thor: So if we can even, I mean, we're touching that right now, and that's, that's the big picture.
Investor question: Can you talk a little bit more about the competitive landscape?
Thor: Yeah. Now. So, the big, you know, beast is the temp agency model. We have appreciation for companies like Pared, um. I think our mantra and approach can be similar in that regard. You had Shiftgig in Chicago. It raised a lot of money. They’re a software company selling to temp agencies. So, bring it on, right. You know, we want to, we would actually want to do battle. If we know you’re using a temp agency, we smell blood in the water.
Thor: I appreciate that.
Thor: Sure.
Thor: Sure. Thank you.
Thor: Sure.
Thor: Sure.
