Paul: Unlike other consumer finance companies out there that are just giving you advice, we're actually doing the work
Paul: Hey everyone. My name is Paul Kesserwani and I'm the founder of Cushion. And I'd like to start things off today by laying out a little scenario for you. You have $500 worth of bills due at the end of the week. Your bank account only has $300 in it and your paycheck is still ten days out What do you do?
Paul: You call your parents. It's a good option. But if they're not down to give you the money, you could just overdraft the account. But that's going to end up with some very costly overdraft fees These are the kinds of questions being faced by millions of Americans every single year, and when they make a wrong decision, costly fees can start piling up. And it could take months or even years to get back on track And this is the problem we're solving at Cushion. Our technology understands the nuances of your bank accounts, your cash flows and what you need to do next. And when we figure out the right steps to take, Cushion does them for you automatically. And that's our special sauce Unlike other consumer finance companies out there that are just giving you advice, we're actually doing the work For example, our first product negotiates with banks on your behalf to get back money wasted on fees and credit card interest ... automatically So I'm here today raising $2.3 million to grow Cushion by adding support for more banks and building out our next set of products And I think the best way to showcase what we built is to show you the actual product and then obviously answer any questions that you have along the way
Paul: So this is currently designed in the Facebook Messenger bot, which I will not get too hung up on. This was just to get ourselves up and running as fast as possible. But essentially, we built a little bot called Fee Fighter. It was very adorable. It's full time job was to negotiate with the banks to get your money back.
Paul: And I think people like our bot more than they actually like the fact that they're getting money back
Investor question: What does it do?
Panel Investor: Okay. So take us through. What does it do?
Paul: So the process from a user perspective is very simple. You select the bank that you have. We currently only support three banks: Chase, American Express and Wells Fargo.
Investor question: Now how do you fight it?
Panel Investor: I've been charged a fee for a bank wire. Okay. Now how do you fight it?
Paul: So now this is the bot tells you, okay, there's two wire fees. I'd like to fight them for you. So I don't know if you can see the 'fight my fees' button? This is the only action the user has to take.
Paul: So press the button And what's going to happen here is if you have multiple fees, it's going to run an algorithm to find out what's the grouping that I should go after first. If you have 47 fees, it's not going to after all of them
Investor question: So how does it go after that fee?
Paul: So actually think about it. If you need something from the bank, there's a few different ways to approach them. You can show up at the branch and talk to somebody You call them on the phone. You can send a secure email Or you can do an online chat. We've automated the secure email and the online chat. The bot is going to generate a message that's completely tailored to my situation with the bank. So for example, with these two wire transfer fees, it's going to say something like: "Hi there Wells Fargo support. I'd like some help with these two wire fees from June 4th and June 6th. As you can see, I actually have four accounts with you. One currently has a high balance and I've been paying my bills on time. I'd really appreciate you returning this money."
Investor question: You customize it to that degree?
Paul: Yeah. It knows everything about your account history, how long you've been a customer...
Investor question: What’s a classic example of you getting money back for me?
Paul: So one of the easiest is ATM fees We basically say, I’ve been hit with 7 ATM fees for, I don’t know, $20. I’ve been with you for a while now. I have a couple of accounts. I’d really appreciate you crediting this back
Investor question: And why would they say yes?
Paul: They say yes because they don’t want to lose you.
Investor question: How many times do they say yes?
Panel Investor: Success rate. How many times do they say yes?
Paul: Sure. 80% of the folks who we've fought fees for have gotten money back in some capacity. For every dollar that we're fighting, we're getting 30 cents back right now. But we're being very aggressive because we're trying to train the model and figure out what works and what doesn't
Investor question: Does it escalate to another level? Can you phone?
Panel Investor: Does it escalate to another level? Can you phone? Or like what happens?
Paul: Yeah. So there's a couple of things if the bank pushes back, we have a score internally that says, you know what, I'm pretty sure I should have gotten some money back. Do we want to push back here? And if it does, it'll then push back with another message saying, you know, I'm choosing to bank with you, I have all these accounts, I highly recommend that you give me some of this money back, If you have 47 fees, which by the way is a very common case with our user base, the bot is not going to go out and fight all 47 at once across three accounts. It's going to choose a cluster. Say, I'm going to start with your credit card fees, get these back for you. Comes back and says, listen, I'm going to wait a couple of weeks, I don't want to slam the bank, I'll come back and let you know when is the right time to re-approach them. And then…
Investor question: How do you know when the right time is? How do you know what that timing piece is?
Paul: That's something that, we initially we'd done so much of this manually that we kind of figured that out. But now we have a machine learning algorithm that the bot's just teaching itself. So what we’re doing is we’re using both data science and automation to find out is there an opportunity to help the user out? And then using out automation to actually do the work for them. Which is usually the thing that stops somebody from actually moving forward. You can give somebody a financial plan, but they’re like, oh, I’m busy, I’m working two jobs, I have to pick up my kids.
Investor question: How big is your client base right now?
Paul: So we kicked off our private beta in January we’ve built up a waitlist of over 16,000 people We’ve onboarded 3000 users. For those 3000 users, for only three banks, and across only the last three months, $1.2 million in fees that we found.
Investor question: And how much did you get back?
Paul: So we fought $300,000 of them. We've waived 100,000 out of the 300,000
Investor question: How do you get paid?
Investor question: How do you get paid?
Panel Investor: How do you get paid? Sorry Jillian.
Paul: Yeah, so our business model is super simple. We take a 25% cut of the money we’re recouping for our customers
Investor question: Why are those 16,000 on a waitlist?
Paul: Good question. We only support three banks today because we built the brand new technology. There’s no APIs or out of the box way to do this. So we’re having to do integrations bank by bank. We’re not trying to obviously support the top 10,000 banks in the country. We’re just going to try to support the top 15.
Investor question: Are you a product Or are you a feature?
Investor question: How does this become a big business? How does this not get shut down?
Panel Investor: So let me ask you something that struck me about your business. When we look at companies, you ask yourself, are you a platform, which is a big, big thing, like most successful companies. Are you a product Or are you a feature? Convince us for a second that you’re not a feature. That you’re a product and you have somewhere to go
Panel Investor: Take us on a journey of your company. How does this become a big business? How does this not get shut down?
Paul: Okay. These are a lot of questions. I’m going to tackle them in an order that hopefully makes sense. The way we’re updating the product such that the message comes the user, this can’t get shut down. Because essentially, the banks would be blocking their own customers That’s one. Two is that even though the banks might not love this initially we’re surveying a bunch of our users to find out, hey, like how loyal are you to this bank or credit card. And after we get the money back, will you stick with them? And a lot of them are saying, yes. Now that I’ve got this $300 back, I’m probably going to stick around for a while. So as we scale, we can actually show the banks that if you want to potentially work together at some point, we can help you reduce customer support costs and increase retention At the end of the day though, we’re not building a bank fee fighting company. This is our wedge. This is the first thing we decided to go after, because it’s a $200 billion market, there’s no digital solution, because it’s so technically challenging to build this. And then after that we’re already working on the next set of features to build this out to be a massive platform
Investor question: What are the next set of features?
Panel Investor: What are the next set...
Paul: So there’s a couple of different categories here. One is found money. This is essentially called basically found money. We fight these bank fees. People never expected to get the money back. And so we have actually uncovered there’s $40 billion worth of money sitting around at the state level throughout the US that’s unclaimed We can fully automate that process. No one has ever done that. So that’s a $40 billion market after our $200 billion market that we’re going after now.
Investor question: Do you have the unclaimed assets functionality already working?
Paul: No. We have part of it We’re trying to get it in the hands of users half baked, and then see if it works That’s one piece. The next side of it is a lot of folks are using the wrong bank accounts and credit cards, and it’s so clear from the data that we’ve found. So this blew my mind. We had a customer who came on board, we waived $75 worth of monthly service charges for him. He emailed me saying, Paul, I love this service, I just signed up and got money back. Why am I getting charged these penalties? And I told him, I was like John, you signed up for a premium Chase account, it requires a minimum of a 15k balance to not get hit with these charges. Your average balance per month is $600. Why are you using this?
Paul: Yeah.
Paul: Yeah, I know those guys. They're great.
Paul: They can’t.
Paul: No, they cannot.
Investor question: Why?
Paul: They cannot take actions within the users account
Paul: Go for it. This is something that we just, it took 18 months to get here. Sorry, go for it, .
Paul: Okay. That's completely fair feedback
Paul: Most folks today, if they want to start a fintech company, a consumer finance company, they connect to Plaid, which is a very popular data aggregator, they get read only access to people’s bank accounts. They cannot take any actions within their accounts. We went a completely different route right of the bat. We partnered with a different aggregator, set up this partnership with a security company, and built all the security infrastructure. It took us 18 months to get our beta out And that is why we’re able to take actions on their behalf.
Investor question: Because you’re using a different aggregator other than Plaid?
Paul: And we built up all this infrastructure. For example, the concept is kind of crazy. The fact that you can put your bank credentials into Cushion, we never touch or see them, but our bot is able to log into your account and talk to the bank. It’s pretty auto-magical at that point
Investor question: What’s the MRR right now?
Panel Investor: What’s the MRR right now? The monthly.
Paul: We haven’t started charging.
Investor question: When you start charging, how do you think customers will react?
Panel Investor: When you start charging, how do you think customers will react? Even though they’ll see this as getting their fees waived, getting a refund, when they have to pay 25% to you, how do you think they’ll react to that?
Paul: A couple of things there. One is this is free money. This is money they never expected to see again. So they’re not paying for the product out of pocket. We’re actually paying ourselves as we get the money back. Two is we’ve been polling our users and asking them and calling them and saying, how would you feel if we start charging? Some said, no problem, I never thought I’d see this again. Others said, can you make it easier for me to drop that down from 25% to something less. So they’re asking for incentives there.
Panel Investor: I’m just trying to understand... So the existential risk I’m worried about for the company is that you’ll ultimately get pushback from the banks who will say, we’re not going to work with these, with this company anymore. We’re not going to allow this kind of... And maybe they can’t figure out if it is automated or not. I don’t know. But let’s say they do. I just want to hear from you, what do you think the reason is that they would not pushback like that?
Paul: If they’d like to push back, they can. But the same way you can give a broker authorization to make trades on your behalf or a finance manager authorization to move money around for you, you can give authorization to a company to do this for you. But I don’t plan on being in this bank fees product for the whole company. This is just our wedge that’s working very, very well for us. And as we add on more services we’ll be less dependent on this. And I promise you, we’re going to be able to help the banks really retain a bunch of customers through this service
Paul: It is a specific number. I’m trying to get 18 months worth of runway for us. This is a very tech heavy play and just needs engineers.
Investor question: Where are you based?
Paul: San Francisco
Paul: Yeah. Absolutely. So we raised a million dollars in angel and pre-seed almost 14 months ago
Investor question: Who led that?
Paul: So Afford Capital, the largest pre-seed fund We had the cofounder of NerdWallet and the cofounder of Funding Circle came in very early on; We have angel investors who are security experts from Lifeloc and Symantec, And I built up a lot of my reputation at Twitter. That’s where I helped scale revenue for the company. And that’s where half our cap table is angel investors from the Twitter executive team. Folks I’ve worked for
Paul: Right now we don't have a valuation set. We have a ballpark of where we want to be. We're raising a priced round, but you're actually the first folks I'm pitching our seed round to.
Investor question: What is your ask?
Paul: 2.3 million, it's probably going to be 9 or 10 pre-money.
Paul: They are San Francisco prices. But to be honest, the fact that we have this domain expertise, we have this tech, we have a killer team, and we have no competition right now
Paul: That’s fair. So I’m going to reiterate a couple of points, one is I’m not going to get too hung up on the actual valuation. I care more about the specific partner at the firm that’s leading the round for us. That’s most important thing for me. Somebody who gets that.
Paul: That’s one piece. Two is just based on the unit economics of what we have, we’re getting 30 cents back for every dollar that we fight, we’re going to take 25% cut, just our waitlist today, if we were to monetize this, represents a million dollars in revenue. If you were just to scale this out. And so I’m feeling very good about where we at. I could have told you we have 500 users and we’ve monetized them. I’d much rather tell you we have 3000, 16,000 banging down the door and we’re going to blow this up
Investor question: Can you talk about you?
Paul: I’ve spent ten years kind of de-risking myself to start a company. I’ve wanted to start a company since I've been a child. I grew up in Lebanon. Tumultuous environment. My parents were entrepreneurs. They started business after business. So I’ve known, this is only a matter of time before I do this. Moved to the US, got a computer engineering degree and knew that, you know what, I’m not ready to start a company. I’m just going to dive face first into tech and startups.
Paul: Two IPOs and an acquisition later, I landed at Twitter through that startup acquisition, and that’s where I kind of really made a name for myself
Investor question: What’d you do at Twitter?
Paul: I founded the revenue operations team, helped them go from $10 million in revenue to over 2.2 within four years. That was my team’s entire focus is how do we generate money? How do we scale it? Which countries do we expand into? And by the time I did that, look ten years back, I was like, I’m ready.
Paul: That sounds totally fair.
Investor question: But it is early, right?
Panel Investor: Let me just say, I really like what you're doing. Firstly, I think you do have a clear vision of what you want this company to become. But it is early, right? And normally I don't look at pre-revenue companies. I really like this. I especially think the automation of it is, and the machine learning that you're putting into it, is smart. So I want to invest. I really want to invest. The valuation sort of range that you're talking about is very high, especially for pre-revenue. So for me, I want to see what valuation you arrive at with the lead investor. I want to see who the lead investor is, If the number is reasonable, the terms are reasonable, and it's a good lead investor, then I'm likely in.
Paul: Okay. Absolutely. I would love to have you and that all makes total sense.
Paul: Probably should have started with that.
