Spencer: Yes. So I left my phone in the other room. But…
Panel Investor: So what does the app tell them?
Spencer: Yes.
Spencer: All right. Well, my name is Spencer. I'm the CEO and cofounder of WeDo. So when I was younger, I was constantly making mistakes that someone else had already made for me. The problem was that I didn't have that data. I didn't know that person who had already made that mistake. So I was making just bad decisions with bad data. Now this is the generation that is obsessed with improving. And this is the self-actualization generation. And we're constantly wanting to get better. But we don't really have the tools and resources we need to do so. So we thought there had to be a better way. If we could track those decisions that people made, analyze them, and give those insights back to people, we could actually start to solve this problem.
Spencer: Yeah. So for an example, when I was in high school, I knew sleep was really important. I didn't know how important it was. I didn't know that 75% of students didn't get the recommended amount of sleep, and because of that my ability to concentrate, my ability to focus, all went down. And so just knowing that information would have been tremendously helpful. So to answer your question specifically, we track that data, so we track Health Kit data, Google calendar, and also habits and stuff like that.
Panel Investor: You track health data and habits. And then you do what with it?
Spencer: Yeah. So we, we track, uh, things like tasks. So things that they need to get done in their life. So if you're a student you can actually send us your syllabus. That gets converted into due dates and reminders for you automatically.
Panel Investor: So is this an app?
Spencer: Yes.
Spencer: So it's an app. It's on Android, iOS, Mac and web.
Spencer: Yeah. So I left my phone in the other room. But…
Phil: What does the app show them?
Panel Investor: So what does the app tell them? What does the app show them?
Spencer: Yes.
Spencer: So if we can... So...
Phil: Why don't you show us?
Phil: Are you doing that currently?
Panel Investor: No. Don't. Here. Why don't you show us?
Panel Investor: Hold it out here And walk us through it please, Spencer.
Spencer
: So this is WeDo Today. So this is primarily focused on students. There’s a lot of color. It’s really fun. So we track general things.
What Spencer is showing them is the WeDo app on his phone. It’s a pretty simple to-do app, a list of tasks that need to be done, with deadlines. You check each one off and it moves them to your list of “completed” tasks. Pretty basic stuff. But Spencer says it’s more than just your run of the mill task manager.
Spencer
: And then we also allow people to import their syllabus. So this integrates with Health Kit, so we see how much steps, the distance, the activity in the background. We track heart rate and stuff like that. And then also sleep, if you have a sleep tracker. And then when you start marking things off we ask you basic questions. Like, how long did this take you? How did this make you feel? How important was it? And we correlate all that data to health data and then we can start making those predictions about what's going on in your life.
Panel Investor: Are you doing that currently? That piece?
Spencer: So these are the basic insights that we have today. So it categorizes everything inside of our app. And then we give them these sections and reactions based off of the data that they provide.
Sheel: What’s actionable?
Panel Investor: So what are those insights, what are those insights showing the user?
Spencer: Yeah. So today, a lot of those insights can be really basic about where they’re spending their time and how they’re spending their time. And just from the data alone, we have 20 times the retention of the best products in our space. So we’re able to get to about 30% retention even after 10 - 12 months.
Alexandra: How long have you been around?
Spencer: We launched last year.
Panel Investor: And how many users do you have?
Spencer: So we've been out for two semesters now. We grew to over 800 schools. Last semester we ended with about 15,000 monthly active users.
Alexandra: Can you talk about your competitors?
Spencer: Yeah. So in the student market, not so much. There isn’t really any life manager, there’s no kind of, to do list product for them. They have nothing. Today’s students are still using those pen and paper planners. So this is a really bad problem for students because they don’t have any tools for them.
Spencer: Give me an example.
Spencer: They don’t use Google calendar.
Panel Investor: So how do you know what they’re doing when they’re doing it?
Spencer: Because we, they track that stuff inside of WeDo just manually. So when they import their syllabus, we know what homework assignments they’re doing, we know the things that are going in their life
Spencer: Yes it does.
Alexandra: What's your background?
Spencer: So I'm 23 years old right now. I started this company when I was 19 and the focus of solving this problem for students. And then as, then it's been growing. So I started my first software company when I was 13 years old. I made two top selling productivity and medical apps. I rode that up until the end of high school. And then I started this company So I've always had a passion for solving this problem in the productivity wellness space.
Sheel: What would you say the problem is?
Panel Investor: What would you say the problem is? Just a quick concise definition of the problem.
Spencer: Yeah. So the problem for students is that they have a lot on their plate and they don't have any tools to manage those resources. The bigger problem at large is that we want to improve and we don't have the tools to make educated decisions to do so.
Spencer: So... I think the best way to think about it is the way it gets solved today. So the way people make improvements is they make a mistake. And then they try to learn from that mistake. And most people don't. But the reality is that you don't have to make every single mistake that every person has already made in order to learn from that. I could ask you, hey, what are some bad business mistakes that you've made? Tell me. I can learn from that and just avoid those mistakes.
Spencer: So we do that by making that, by doing that at scale, by essentially tracking the decisions people are making throughout their life, whether those are habit decisions, shopping behaviors, things like that. And then correlating that to patterns that we can recognize in other people.
Panel Investor: Can I get a clarification? I think that, it feels like there’s two different things happening. One is, we’re letting them know about mistakes others have made so they can avoid making them. The other is we are an app that tracks their assignments. And I’m trying to figure out how those things are integrated into one holistic company. I think you probably have a way of unifying those two? If you would drill a little deeper please.
Spencer: Yeah. So the big, the mission that we’re trying to solve, that big improvement problem is really hard. And it takes a lot of data. And we have to start learning off of people’s behaviors from the time they’re 14 years old all the way to end of life. And the more data we gather about what things they’re buying, what actions they’re taking, homework they’re doing, location data, sleep data, we can start to build that map of human behavior and learn, okay, this 14 year old made these decisions and by the time they were in college, this was the outcome. This is what turned into that accumulation of decisions. Right. And so that’s what we’re building today. We’re building that database of micro actions people are taking so we can map human behavior over the long term.
Alexandra: How is this company making money today?
Panel Investor: But that's not monetizable now? You're building a set of data that you hope to, I assume, sell or monetize in the future. How is this company making money today?
Spencer: Yeah. So we have a paid subscription. We convert about 6.6% of our users to that paid subscription.
Panel Investor: So how many people is that now?
Spencer: A little bit less than 1,000.
Panel Investor: And how much are they paying?
Spencer: 4.99 per month and 39.99 per year. And then our retention with our subscription is relatively high, around 60, 80%.
Panel Investor: So what are the benefits they get from being a paid subscriber?
Spencer: Uh... To be 100% honest, a lot of it is kind of the commitment to themselves. It's kind of like a gym membership in some ways, where they want to spend the money to make this commitment to use this product. This is a lot of money for kids sometimes. And so this is kind of that commitment to themselves. Tangibly, they get themes, they get icons, they get pro features like time estimating and priority. So they have some additional features inside of our product and those obviously get used. But a huge reason that we hear from our users as to why they upgrade is they just want to make that commitment.
Alexandra: Is that being delivered to the students who are paying monthly?
Panel Investor: But may I ask, it’s not that you’re noticing that they are, in the course of a month, six times they’ve been late on an assignment and you parachute in with something about how to improve not being late... Is that being delivered to the students who are paying monthly?
Spencer: Yes. So we’re able...
Spencer: Yeah. We’re able to give some high level insights based off their own data. We, for example, can even today start predicting if a student is going to fail a class within the first few days of signing up for our product, because we’re able to see ...they’re not marking off certain assignments, and we know other people who are just like them in the same class are marking off that assignment way before they are. So that data today, we’re not confident enough to then go back to that user and say, hey, you should be doing this homework assignment. But in the near future, we can start doing that, saying 75% of kids in your class have already completed this assignment. I’m not going to tell you what to do, but just live with that information and do what you may.
Spencer: And likewise, I think what’s super interesting to us, and what we love hearing, one, I’ve had calls with students who have cried because of how much of a difference this product has made in their life. Tracking these micro habits is so important. And just getting that ding by just marking it off, I’m sure you guys know, is really special to them.
Spencer: Yes.
Spencer: Yeah. Yeah. I mean... Not so much... I appreciate the feedback. What about that connection do you still feel like... And I’m not trying to... Just curious.
Spencer: Yup. This is a generation that is looking for a product to try to help them. This isn’t parents saying, hey you need to use this product. Or teachers forcing them to use a product like this. This really is the students saying, I need help. I really do. And there’s nothing else out there. Part of this round, so we’re raising a million and a half dollars. We have some great existing investors like Pritzker Group, Crosscut and Amplify.
Spencer: Absolutely. Absolutely.
Spencer: Absolutely.
