Jessa: Jessa.
Jessa: You must be .
Jessa: And I'm Jessa Lux.
Jessa: And my background is in marketing and community building. My experience as a rider includes winning a gold medal at the Junior Olympics.
Jessa: And that's why we built RideIQ. RideIQ is a mobile app with on-demand listen-while-you-train audio lessons, taught by the world's best coaches. Open the app, choose a lesson, press play, and you have an Olympic coach in your ear guiding you for every step. We launched in August of 2021, and have organically grown to over 1500 paying members and $430,000 in ARR.
Jessa: Correct. So this really gives them the guidance they need to make progress between in-person lessons, but it doesn't replace having your in-person lessons.
Investor question: Does that include like people that aren't really competitive, they don't care about the training, they just like riding?
Investor question: How long have you had your customers?
Investor question: So where does that fit?
Investor question: What did it cost you to get the recordings done, getting them put into the app?
Panel Investor: So can we talk more about the market size. I think you said like 8 million equestrians out there. Does that include like people that aren't really competitive, they don't care about the training, they just like riding? Like, what does that number actually include?
Panel Investor: But that's 8 million in the US? 8 million globally?
Panel Investor: And so of those, have you done the research to figure out like how many of them actually want training to go along with it?
Panel Investor: How long have you had your customers? And do you have anything on retention and -
Panel Investor: I like that you've experienced the problem first hand and you really deeply understand, it seems like, the customer journey, because you've been on it yourself. But just educate us a little bit on like, is there a general playbook for success or like general best practices for each of these disciplines?
Panel Investor: Where's the research or where's the conviction around audio learning, And I'll give you an example. I do krav maga and I do group classes, which are fine. That's great, that's fun, it's super social. But then I do one-on-one, and my instructor yesterday was just saying, oh, you're a visual learner. I show you exactly this, you do it exact. And it's also someone who's yelling at you one-on-one. You can't hide. So it's very impactful. So where do you think on the audio learning and how does that sit into this - to someone who might say, no, I need a coach who's right next to me or with me on the horse. I don't even know how the coaching happens. So where does that fit?
Panel Investor: That's it? Wait, that sounds exceptionally cheap.
Jessa: It is exceptionally cheap and that is the natural response to that. We pay the coaches $100 per lesson that they record. It could be a nine-minute lesson or a 45-minute lesson, it doesn't matter to us. Our coaches record their lessons while they're on their own horse. And we tested every way that a coach could approach these audio lessons. They could record from the ground watching somebody, they could record with a lesson plan in front of them, or they could record on the horse, and we tested that with our test riders ahead of time. Every person said they prefer it on the horse and they enjoy the experience. They feel like the coach is in their head while they're riding.
Jessa: And they tell us things all the time. Like when that hor - when the coach's horse blew air out of its nose and relaxed, my horse did that in the same moment. And those are such cool experiences, especially given that this is a solo sport, so it can be lonely, and when you have someone there with you, and you're starting to feel like friends with these celebrities, it's a cool experience. But that's why we're able to pay $100, because it just makes it so that they can make $100 more than they otherwise would on that ride.
Jessa: We're scrappy, you guys.
Panel Investor: - I'm struggling with like - price is an indicator of quality and to get the best coaches, are these the best coaches that are just asking for $100?
Jessa: We have one Olympic gold medalist, several Olympic medalists, six Olympians. All of them have competed to the top of the sport. We're not making any sacrifice whatsoever in terms of quality. Like, What you're saying is the nature of the equestrian market. Unfortunately, people who are top equestrian athletes, they're still kind of living paycheck to paycheck. Like, it doesn't have a financial model that can support these people in the way they should.
Investor question: How long is the focus on horses?
Investor question: What level of scale, engagement, revenue do you feel like you need to get to before you would want to expand?
Investor question: So how many disciplines are there total?
Investor question: Did you say 15?
Investor question: How far along are you? Have you set terms?
Investor question: And where are you in ARR now?
Investor question: I wanna hear like where do you see that?
Panel Investor: How long is the focus on horses? Cos I'm thinking in the billion dollar of like, oh, this is new, audio learning. This is the next master class in audio. So for example, I fly helicopters, I'm like, oh, I could be listening to a flight thing. Like level to the - So I'm seeing it in multiple applications, but I wonder, I'm asking, are you just horses?
Panel Investor: So curious on the raise. One and a half million. How far along are you? Have you set terms?
Panel Investor: One and a-half million, at what point does it achieve what goals?
Panel Investor: But let's hear it from them. I wanna hear like where do you see that?
Jessa: Some of the verticals that we're excited about would be things like boxing or gymnastics. I also don't want to rule out activities, like photography or physical therapy. There's a lot of opportunity for audio lessons. We don't have a lack of conviction in these other verticals, but we certainly have less testing that's been done.
Jessa: We feel a lot of conviction and product market fit in our current equestrian market. I mean, I would encourage you guys to look up reviews on social media or in the app store of RideIQ. The word 'gamechanger' is used over and over. They're glowing reviews. Seven of our members have RideIQ slogan tattooed on their body.
