Alon: Hello. How you guys doing?
Alon: My name's Alon.
Alon: Yes. So my name is Alon Shwartz. I'm the CEO and co-founder of unGlue. So if you have kids, if you've ever seen kids in a restaurant, in the street, in the park, you know that kids are pretty much glued to their devices. An insane amount of time. They're spending about six and a half hours per day on their many devices. And it's not getting any better
Alon: I came back home Go to one of my kids, I won’t tell you which one And walking into his room, he's supposed to do homework, of course he's on his phone, Snapchatting. So, I told him, okay, put the phone down. Sure, sure. Okay. Sure. Okay, I come back 20 minutes later just to make sure, sure it is actually what it is, and of course he's watching YouTube videos on his computer instead of doing homework on the computer. Well, you know, just to be sure, I come back 20 minutes later, and of course he's taking a break, . And at that point, that's it, I see red. That's it. I decide to put an end to this. I just unplug all of the computer, the Xbox, took his phone, took his tablet, threw it on my bed.
Alon: I went to his brother, to his sister, took all of their devices as well. They of course thought dad went crazy. And I had this nice pile of electronics in my bedroom. Our bed. It was beautiful.
Alon: how do we get them to stop or pause using the things that are really hard to stop? Like social media, watching videos and playing games? And when I couldn't find something that actually does that, I decided to start unGlue.
Alon: what we’ve done, is we empower kids to manage their own time. Instead of that becoming all stick control, we made it into something fun, a game, that kids actually like. I'm here to raise $3 million to continue to grow the business, find investors and partners to join us in this important mission that we're on.
Alon: The product. What is unGlue, first of all? The parents download the unGlue app to their phone, they start the set up.
Alon: So if they spend it on anything from Snapchat, Instagram, Clash Royale, whatever, YouTube, Netflix, everything, we count that time. When that time ends, they can still do homework, do everything, listen to music on Spotify, no problems. Can't watch any more cat videos. Can't Snapchat until midnight
Alon: Walk the dog, feed the cat, help your brother with his homework. You can earn time. Obviously, it makes parents super happy. Like, oh my god, my kid just emptied the dishwasher, that's insane. The kid's happy because, well, I just have to empty the dishwasher to earn 15 more minutes? Score. No problem, I'll do that.
Alon: So let's talk about business.
Investor question: How do you monetize?
Alon: It was silent here for a second. So it's a subscription product. first fourteen days are free. Free trial. Everything is open. You can see exactly how it works. After 14 days you can subscribe for $10 a month or $84 a year. What we see is that on average, 12 - 15% of our users, of our active users, subscribe.
Panel Investor: Just define that a bit better. 12 - 15%?
Alon: Of active users.
Investor question: How many active users?
Alon: First of all, active user means at least one kid with at least one device. So the parent...
Alon: Right. They set up, they sign up, they finish the set up, all the timing, everything, they got their phone from their kid, they put the app there, there's no resistance, whatever. They're using it. Out of that, 12 - 15% subscribe.
Investor question: How many active users?
Alon: So active users, we have about 13,000 active users right now. So we have about 800 paying subscribers.
Alon: it’s really all about how do you present to the kid. And I’ll tell you why. So I’ve talked to 1500 parents and their kids already. And what I discovered is that unlike what we think, that kids want 8 hours, 12 hours, that’s actually not the case. By now, teens know that too much time in front of the screen is not good for them. They know.
Panel Investor: I know it’s early, but on the monthly users, what kind of churn do you see?
Alon: So first of all, the monthly to annual, just about 52% of our users go to the monthly, 48% go to the annual. So again, for me it’s a really great show that they like what they see. They like, okay fine, it’s a year, let’s go. It’s also for me to show that we can probably play with the numbers.
Alon: Yeah. The gap there is encouraging them to do it. I definitely think we can play with the numbers. This is... Price testing is part of what we’re going to do soon enough. Again, a list of a lot of A/B tests we’re going to do. Every week there’s a test.
Investor question: So what about the churn?
Alon: So the churn, what we see is if you look at our total subscribers, we see about 7.5% drop month over month.
Panel Investor: So 15% of the monthly subscribers?
Alon: So 15 - 20% in the first two months we’re losing. And then it starts flattening out.
Investor question: Can you just give me, who built this, a little bit of your background on this? Are you an engineer?
Alon: So my background is in engineering. My previous startup before unGlue was called Docstoc. It was a very large website for small business professionals. So documents, videos, articles. I co-found that with another guy back in LA. We started in 2006. The company was acquired by Intuit in 2013. After that, I told my wife, that's it, no more startups. She took one look at me and said, sure Alon. I believe you. So that lasted for about a year. And honestly, when I realized what's going on at home, my wife is a high school teacher, and when I realized that, you know, pulled me aside, I mean, how can we not solve this problem. Installing anything, anything out there. Something has to be done. So I took it upon myself to solve the problem for the next generation.
Investor question: So what protection do you have here against starting a company that undercuts unGlue by $5 a month and basically takes a share that way?
Panel Investor: So what protection do you have here against Phil starting a company that undercuts unGlue by $5 a month and basically takes a share that way?
Alon: So first of all, the technology itself. It took us about two years to build the technology to cover any device, wherever it is. That’s very, very complicated. Kids will try to hack it, kids will try to uninstall it, we need to let the parents know. There’s a tremendous amount of technology behind the scene. It’s super simple for the parents and the kids.
Panel Investor: Can I just push back a little bit.
Alon: Of course.
Investor question: And so, a) is that right?
Panel Investor: If I’m taking the vantage point of the broadband provider, I would imagine that 80% of what you’re worried about as a parent is what happens at home after hours. And I imagine that 90% of that is on your Wi-Fi rails anyway. And so, a) is that right?
Alon: That’s not right. No. So kids, we mentioned they are smart. If you block their Wi-Fi, what will they do? They’ll just take their phone and switch off, go to their cellular network, continue to do whatever they want.
Panel Investor: But you can just, that’s an easy... You can turn off cellular data when they’re at home, or something?
Alon: Sure. You can do every day, go take your kid’s phone, turn it... The reality is, if you need to do anything manually on a daily basis, it won’t work. It has to cover cellular. Most of the kids’ use is actually on their smartphone. Whether it’s good or not, of course not. But that’s the reality.
Alon: Exactly. That’s another thing we talk about. Because we’re all addicted, right? We’re all guilty of the exact same thing For me it’s proof that this is a problem that must be solved right now.
Investor question: What’s the big ocean?
Panel Investor: As you think about adjacencies, you’ve got the parent, you’ve got the kid, they’re using the parent every day. What’s the big ocean?
“The big ocean.” In other words, tell me just how big of an opportunity this is for me?
Alon: Perfect question. So the bigger vision really is... unGlue is the solution, the tool they use, kids, to manage their time. Overall, from now until they’re going to college, and beyond. So if you’re looking at unGlue not as a parental control but more as a time management solution that kids use, so if you start figuring out how much time I need to do for homework, how much I need to budget for - and we’re helping with that And that’s a tool that helps them say, okay, well I do need to spend an hour today on practicing for that test.
Panel Investor: Isn’t that Google calendar? Isn’t that just a calendar app?
Alon: It’s a lot more than a calendar. Because the bigger problem here is... Putting something on calendar is just there. How do you enforce it? How do you enforce it?
Investor question: How does this all play out in the end? Does it end up like anti-virus, where you have three of four different brands that are similar but market themselves differently? Does it end up with one company that's the solution for everyone? Can you just give me your sense for how the market plays out?
Panel Investor: So I have met a couple of companies that are working on this problem, and you all seem to have... It seems to me that Apple letting third party developers use the MDM profile is a big part of what made this possible, to be able to get down to that level of control. How does this all play out in the end? Does it end up like anti-virus, where you have three of four different brands that are similar but market themselves differently? Does it end up with one company that's the solution for everyone? Can you just give me your sense for how the market plays out?
Alon: I think it will be probably one or two players. That's how I see it. And the one or two players will be the ones that the kids will like. Or hate the least. Depending on how you want to look at it. That's how it will play out.
