Capri: Hi.
Capri: I'm Capri. Nice to meet you.
Capri: nice to meet you.
Capri: . Nice to meet you.
Capri: Hi, I'm Capri, the founder of Dressed, an app where you can make money by renting out the dresses in your closet. When I was in college, I was so broke that one time my friends and I stole a carton of oat milk from the Berkeley cafeteria and smuggled it into my dorm. I remember scouring my dorm just looking all around for anything that I could sell to try and make some money. And finally when my eyes landed on my closet, I thought, there is no way I'm gonna sell my precious clothes. And then it hit me. What if I could keep my clothes and make money off of them. Fast forward to today, I built Dressd so that all women could have their oat milk and drink it too. Dressd is a peer to peer app where women can turn their clothes into cash without ever having to sell them. There's 334 billion dollars in assets sitting in women's closets across the US. We're raising 1.5 million to scale our peer to peer model that is more efficient and more scalable than rent the runway. Thank you.
Investor question: Is this already launched? How many customers? What are the biggest challenges?
Capri: Cool. Okay. So how it works is it's a pretty simple app and website, just peer to peer marketplace where someone uploads their dress for rental, they take some pictures, they add a description, and then that individual seller posts that onto Dressd as a listing. And then for the end user, they can scroll the app and the website, and then once they pick a dress, both parties are sent a shipping label and a return shipping label straight to their email, and then when the end customer wants to send the dress back after two weeks, they slap the return shipping label on the box and just send it back.
Investor question: And so how long have you been working on this?
Capri: We launched our very early beta version last March. And since then we've gotten more supply on the platform, so we have about 300 dresses on now and about 4000 sign-ups, and we feel that we're ready with that amount of dresses to finally go ahead and launch our product.
Investor question: How many rentals have you done so far to date and how do you make money?
Capri: So far, we've done 13 rentals total, but we haven't really spent money into launching or advertising the product yet. Just talking to very early customers that we've just found by DMing them on Instagram or from early TikTok momentum. Our business model right now is a commission fee from each rental. So we take a 15% commission out of every transaction.
Investor question: What did those numbers typically look like?
Panel Investor: What did those numbers typically look like? Like, how much would a rental be?
Capri: So I think a great case study is an example of a For Love & Lemons dress that was rented out through our platform. So those dresses typically retail around 350 to 400 dollars. And that dress I believe was rented for $45 plus shipping on top of that. So the end user paid about $60 in total to rent that dress.
Capri: Yes. That’s correct.
Capri: Originally when we had - when we were doing our beta, we sort of went semi-viral on TikTok. We have a video that has almost 2 million views. And so we got a lot of sign ups from that. But we only had about 25 dresses on the platform. So that's when we had our first ten rentals. But majority of those rentals are like repeat of this one popular dress that went viral. So now we're at the point where we believe about 300 dresses is sort of the critical supply amount that we need to really be able to successfully launch the product and start gaining traction.
Investor question: So what have you learned in talking to your customers about who's like primed for this, who's likely to convert going forward, and what's your plan for acquisition?
Capri: Yeah. A lot of questions there.
Capri: I think to start, like, we really have nailed down our ideal user in the early days really is the college sorority girl. Our customer is actually a lot more simple than we originally thought. All they want is to look good at an affordable price for their event. And so that's why targeting sororities is a really great opportunity for us, because we can actually partner with sororities, build out ambassador programs where girls are making rentals in preparation for an event that they have in a month. And we're about to test this out with UCLA for one of their February invites.
Investor question: How do you get your sellers to take the time and upload the inventory with a relatively low volume of rentals at the moment?
Capri: Yeah. I mean, I think people are really excited about the idea of making money off your clothes without having to sell them. Young people need to make money. I particularly remember feeling this way, like, my clothes are some of the only things that I actually own and I actually have And so like empowering those women to turn their clothes into assets is a really great opportunity for them. Because typically, the mindset of our user is kind of like, well, I really like this dress, I spent a lot of money on it, if I sold this dress on Depop I wouldn't make anywhere near the value, even as a second hand dress. So those two value propositions make rental a really strong argument for our core customer.
Investor question: Are you aware that this is one of the most difficult spaces, with the most failures?
Capri: Yeah. That's, that’s a great question. A lot of the customer psychology has changed in the past few years specifically to make peer to peer rental something that's able to happen at scale. So when Rent the Runway was first starting, the reason why they had to sort of own all of their inventory and ship everything from centralized hubs, is because peer to peer transacting and renting was not a normalized behavior at the time. So consumer behaviors have shifted significantly since Rent the Runway to make way for a model that is peer to peer to happen at scale. I've seen a lot of companies similar to Style Lend, I forget exactly what the case was there, I have more notes on that if we can -
Capri: Is it completely peer to peer? Like they don't own any inventory -
Capri: I'd love to learn more about that. A lot of the examples that I've seen, for example, Wardrobe or Pickle, a lot of these very recent platforms that are popping up are not actually entirely peer to peer. They call themselves peer to peer but they still have centralized closets where you pick up items, they still hold the inventory which then becomes a) a logistical nightmare and b) eats into their costs. But I'm not familiar with that model specifically so I'd actually love to learn more about their approach.
Capri: Yeah.
Capri: Right.
Capri: Thank you. Sorry, just wanted to address a couple of things before we move on. So first, on the localized pick up. We are actually in the process of building that. We're launching it in January at ASU - that's gonna be our first campus takeover that we're testing out the localized pick up in a beta version. So either January or February, that will be live and tested at ASU.
Capri: Yeah. Yes. So we're building out sorority partnerships, so we'll have an ambassador program with several of the top sororities at ASU, we'll be providing outfits for a few of their parties, as well as, we'll be testing out localized pickup with them. The second thing that you mentioned kind of reminds me of the previous startup that I built, which was Thryft, where we were providing software for clothing resellers who were selling over Instagram. We grew that to 150k GMV within the first five months of launch, and that was completely organic through Instagram. So we're - we're really excited to leverage a lot of those same communities, the same idea of resellers and influencers adding their Dressd link to their bio, and that's something that I already have experience with, kind of kickstarting that initial growth there. So I'm really excited to use that.
Investor question: So what happened with Thryft?
Investor question: Can you explain Thryft?
Investor question: So what happened with Thryft?
Investor question: Can you explain Thryft?
Capri: Yeah yeah. So with Thryft, we built one of the fastest website builders ever built. So we took your Instagram profile and we turned it into a website in less than ten seconds with listings and everything. So we noticed that there was a pattern where with clothing resellers would actually list their items as Instagram posts, and they would have all the details like the price, the description of the item, etc, in the caption. So we realized that we could take people's social media posts and turn them very quickly into website listings using AI. So yeah, we were working on that, grew it to 150k GMV within the first five months. But when it came down to it, we just weren't able to charge our users as much as we needed to, and we didn't see - like our core thesis there was like, that there was going to be this mass migration from people who are selling on Depop and Poshmark - sorry -
Capri: Poshmark. We were kind of - our thesis was, you know, there are a lot of frustrations with these bigger platforms, they take like you know sometimes up to 20% of the sale, people are going to get frustrated and they're just going to sell on Instagram and TikTok, so we were trying to sort of build the infrastructure for that.
Investor question: So who's with you on this?
Panel Investor: So who's with you on this? And then a little bit more about your background, cos it sounds like you've done some stuff in this space.
Capri: So my background, I sort of hacked my way into UC Berkeley. I sent them an emergency memo saying that they had forgotten a student off the admissions list, and I was in the next day. And then my freshman year, I dropped out. I went through YC. And so yeah, we have an awesome designer and engineer on our team as well. She previously - she went to Brown and while she was at Brown, she built a college reselling marketplace called Zar where college students would sell their stuff, and our current investors are Y Combinator, Starting Line VC, so really exciting team and lots of amazing investors that we're very lucky to have.
Investor question: What are the terms?
Capri: So we're raising 1.5 million at a 6.5 million cap.
Capri: Sorry.
Capri: Thank you. Very excited to have you on board.
Capri: Yeah.
Panel Investor: You've mentioned Y Combinator is a current investor - does that mean this is a pivot from Thryft?
Capri: Yes. Yeah, it is a pivot from Thryft.
Investor question: Where are you financially? What are we currently burning, how much runway do we have? How many commitments do you have for the round you're raising?
Capri: We currently don't have any money committed in the current round.
Capri: Now 25k. There we go. We have about a year left of runway but we're not in the position where we can really move fast and scale. We do feel very financially constricted on the marketing side, so things like, buying dresses or you know doing sorority partnerships and ambassador programs, we just have to be extremely hacky and cheap about the way that we approach those.
Investor question: I look for a fanatical audience, a fanatical buyer that - right?
Capri: Absolutely.
Capri: Awesome. Yeah. Really excited to circle back and follow up with you. Thank you.
Investor question: Can you get that supply?
Capri: Alright. Thank you.
