Iñaki: Hello everybody. Hi.
Investor question: Hi, how are you?
Iñaki: How are you?
Iñaki: Iñaki
Iñaki: It's a pleasure.
Iñaki: How are you guys?
Iñaki: Thank you. So my name is Iñaki and I am co-founder and CEO of Climatta. The first and best memory that I have being outdoors is going duck hunting with my dad. When I am 11 years old, I wake up at three in the morning to get all of the things into the truck, and then we drive just one hour away from home. When we get to the lake, the energy of all of the hunters is incredible. It's pitch dark, and in order to get to our spot, we have to get into a canoe. The average temperature is five degrees Fahrenheit and we have to break the ice.
Iñaki: As we are crossing through the lake
Investor question: Where is this?
Iñaki: One hour away from Mexico City. It's pitch dark. You can't see anything and all you can do is hear how the ducks start flying all around you. And when the sun rises and we are in our spot, there are so many ducks that they look like a swarm of mosquitos. Fast forward 11 years. it's the last time that I go in this adventure with my dad, and everything has changed. The lake is very shallow. It doesn't have enough water. We were at five degrees Fahrenheit, right now we are at 44. Instead of having a bunch of ducks, there are only mosquitoes. And that's when I decided to do something about climate. Outdoors is my happy place trekking, horseback riding, hunting, whatever, it's the place where I feel the most at home, and I want more people to be able to enjoy what I have been able to enjoy with my dad and with my friends. Now. The thing is that us as individuals don't have very much impact. And organizing 9 billion people is gonna be very complicated, right? But 40% of global carbon emissions come from the built environment. The biggest chunks of those emissions come from the energy consumption. And I want to ask you a question. If you proactively know how to read your utility invoice, and do you actually check it every single month or just pay it away?
Iñaki: Somewhere in the middle.
Iñaki: Well, this happens exactly the same with companies, and today they're overspending more than $300 billion a year. And all of the inefficiencies are hidden in their utility invoices, which is why we co-founded Climatta. I believe that sustainability has to change and has to be seen as a way to optimize cash flow rather than an expense. So do you want to see what we have built?
Iñaki: Amazing. How everything works is that with a single setup that takes 30 seconds to do, we connect directly with the utility providers. In less than 2-5 minutes, we're gonna be able to extract up to 24 months of historic data and analyze it and present different improvement plans for energy efficiency, tax deductions, and transition to renewable energy.
Iñaki: it's, no
Iñaki: You are using it, it as a hotel brand
Iñaki: Commercial real estate, manufacturing facilities and stuff.
Iñaki: Exactly.
Iñaki: Here what we do is that we correlate the energy consumption with the average temperature where the asset is located. So when they have an HVAC, the correlation of the energy consumption with the temperature outside, it's one-to-one. So companies can have predictability on how much they will be spending during the summer and during winter. And where we aim to focus right now in the improvements are in three basic areas. Their utility taxes, in Mexico at least, out of like 9,000 invoices that we have collected, less than 600 are being correctly deducted. So companies are leaving a bunch of money in the Mexican IRS. Then, the power factor, if you don't consume your energy efficiently, you can get penalized with up to 100% of your utility invoice. And that can be corrected with changing the operations and giving other type of recommendations without having to install a bunch of hardware that is gonna be very expensive.
Investor question: And so how are you getting that level of insight how do you know what I'm deducting then or not from my taxes?
Iñaki: All of this information, preliminary information is gonna be hidden in the utility invoice. You get how much kilowatt hours you are consuming on peak, off peak, mid peak, the power factor. It's like if an accountant could read your bank statement and is, or, do the P&L and you, they are gonna identify where the leaks are. It's doing something very similar. It's like an energy accountant, so to speak.
Iñaki: With just the invoice we can verify if it's being deducted or not.
Iñaki: Yeah.
Iñaki: Directly from the company
Iñaki: Yeah. With a single setup that takes 30 seconds to do, we connect directly with a utility provider, extract all of the data, analyze it, and present it. So we are currently saving like six months of manual work, because it can take up to six months to collect just one month of data for bigger companies
Investor question: And how are you logging into all the utilities? Like do they, like all through APIs using people's credentials or are you doing it more scrappily?
Iñaki: Yeah. The thing is that the industry, it's very archaic and
Iñaki: They don't have APIs. So that's, that’s where we aiming to solve. Right. Working with the data is not the problem. Collecting it is. So we build the data scrapers in order to sync, extract, analyze all of the information.
Investor question: Can you gimme a sense of what the net economic impact, so you have six months of work saved, but what are some of the size of the deductions, that money that people are leaving on the table? Can you quantify some of that?
Iñaki: Yes, of course. For example, we have a customer that is in the retail side and we found $1.2 million in leaks. Just for tax matters. We have another customer that their power factor penalties were around 750,000, and we were able to identify all of this in five minutes, 10 minutes, maybe less.
Investor question: How are you acquiring these customers? How are you doing sales and go to market?
Iñaki: Cold outreach. Right now our existing customers have been starting to recommend us with their peers. But the first customer I was pitching with just a Figma, and three months after doing these pitches, we closed a pilot with 7/11. Pepe, my co-founder, I called him and I was like, okay, I'm gonna try to delay the most amount of time, the deal, so you can start working on developing the app. You know, and everything was very scrappy. I mean, when we say that we were syncing, Pepe was behind like logging in and
Iñaki: Fake it till you make it. Yeah, exactly.
Iñaki: Right now we have five paying customers. All of them are in the enterprise side, in manufacturing, commercial real estate, retail,
Investor question: What's the model, the pricing model, and, and what's the average, how are they paying?
Iñaki: That's a great question, and the thing is that we have been experimenting with this with different monetization schemes. The first one, we were just charging a fee per utility invoice collected. Eventually when we start embedding the software, they lacked of predictability, right? And one month we could be charging $2,000. The next one $500 and the next one $4,000. So in order to change that and to not have any problems with budget, we moved on to a SaaS fee. Right now our average contract value is of around $18,000, for the SaaS, but being able to identify all of these leaks and saving potential, right now we are also trying to charge a success fee based on the savings that we can help them generate.
Iñaki: We haven't gotten there yet, that's something that we need to optimize. Of course. I mean, once we maximize like their efficiency, what's the upsell? And something that we have been doing is adding other modules that can add value to other business units. For example, there is a customer that requested a, an expense management module. If we can create that workflow and we get a cut out of it? That's a great business, because all of our customers spend between $3 to 5 million a year in energy alone.
Investor question: Which one are you going to do? Who do you think is the best customer of where you're gonna be spending time?
Iñaki: Manufacturing.
Iñaki: I had a, this initial thesis that it would be like retail stores and commercial real estate. But manufacturing facilities spend so much money in electricity that right now these are the guys who are adopting the technology the fastest.
Investor question: Can you share a story in your go to market that confirms that thesis?
Iñaki: Yeah. Right now we have, the biggest playing card manufacturer in the world working with us. We have, one of the biggest poultry farms in the US and in Mexico, and we are working with a tire manufacturer and retailer.
Investor question: What did you sort of pitch them? What, what really hooked them?
Investor question: And who did you do that to?
Iñaki: Who the ICP was?
Iñaki: Is the chief sustainability officer in that matter. And what I did was ask for help, right? So it was like, Hey, Iñaki, I hope that you can help me out, reach out to the person who is doing this? Do you know who that might be? If he's the key decision maker. He confirms that he is and he is like, okay, let's set up a call and let's discuss what you have to offer. If it's not him or her, they send me the email and the person who I need to reach out. And then I create another sequence that it's a more warm intro that this guy told me to reach out to you
Iñaki: Yeah, exactly.
Iñaki: Exactly.
Investor question: But ultimately, who is the decision maker from your learnings?
Iñaki: The CFO.
Iñaki: And the COO, even though that the chief sustainability officer lives the pain, they don't necessarily have the budget and they have to go with the COO to tell them how everything works and how they will work for them as well.
Iñaki: Strictly a money decision, yeah. A hundred percent.
Investor question: The payback is ridiculous, right?
Iñaki: Mm-hmm.
Investor question: What's preventing you from going to CFOs in your go to market?
Iñaki: Right now, hands in the team. We are four people and we don't have enough time to do the customer success, the outreach, the keeping up, the pipeline, but we have been validating with the CFOs as well. And just as you said, you know, it's like the risk is very low. The outcome can be huge for everybody, so why don't we just try it out?
Investor question: Can you talk us through the longer term software?
Iñaki: Yes. So right now what we are doing is we're dividing it in different stages. If you just want the data, we charge the SaaS fee. If you want us to help you identify the savings we are charging, the last two offers is of around 3% of finding the leaks. And if you want us to implement them, it's another 3% of the success fee. And it's based on results.
Iñaki: We have just sent it right now to three customers because we started iterating like one month ago
Iñaki: I hope so.
Iñaki: I hope so.
Iñaki: Yes. So I met my co-founder seven years ago in the acceleration program of Plug and Play. Each one of us with our previous startups, I used to have a fleet and fuel administration system. That didn't go well. Honestly it was an amazing experience because I had a lot of learnings, but it was also something that I had to live in order to know that I wanted to do something else rather than just like build a software. I want to build something with purpose. Right? After that I worked at a consulting firm, then this very big sustainability consulting firm adopted me as their entrepreneur in residence to validate everything. So thanks to them I was able to start pitching to 7/11s and to all of these big guys and validate the model.
Investor question: And are they investors in this business?
Iñaki: No. They wanted to just to, see us grow. It was like, I can give you equity. Do you? No, I want to see you grow, my friend. So, and I met him-
Iñaki: There are good people in this world. 100%.
Iñaki: No, no, no. It was just using their name. But all of the effort, I mean, they taught me how to do the outreach. This message, I didn't invent it for myself. I mean, they gave me like all of the playbook. And it was like, Iñaki, here's the deadline. You have to sell something by the end of the quarter.
Iñaki: No, just the first one.
Iñaki: Yeah. Eventually they say, okay, you have validated something. It's time for you to grow and move on.
Investor question: And when was all of this?
Iñaki: May 2023
Investor question: Is when you were working at the consulting company?
Iñaki: Yeah. The first paying customer that we got was in September, October, and then we incorporated in February of last year. And then in September we got accepted into Techstars.
Investor question: Which one?
Iñaki: Miami.
Investor question: Like what, what are you raising right now?
Iñaki: Yeah. Perfect. So right now we are raising $750,000 and so far we have signed, committed and wired 310.
Investor question: And what are the terms?
Iñaki: 5.5 million post-money valuation.
Iñaki: Yeah
Investor question: Can I ask you an A-hole-ish question?
Investor question: Can I ask you an A-hole-ish question?
Iñaki: Absolutely, please.
Iñaki: Yeah.
Iñaki: Yes.
Investor question: What do you think some of the challenges were in why the revenue is relatively low given the time period?
Iñaki: Yes, that's a great question. I think that there are two factors. One is the market that we were initially pursuing, Latin America and emerging markets. You can't price exactly the same as here in the US. I have customers that my competitors here in the US have reached out to them and it's like, it's insane. I don't have that budget. Also one thing that we have been aiming, is growing more the North Star metric that is processing invoices, because that gives us a lot of data. And that data helps us build the product and eventually retention and expansion of use of the software. And as we have kept the team very small, we can't do everything and anything at the same time.
Iñaki: Yes. Yes. They move slow. And by reaching out first to the chief sustainability officer, we have to knock a lot of doors, right? To get to the decision maker who is the COO or the CFO. Also we are looking how we can help the mid market, not just very big corporates, that the decision making can take forever. But by doing these other experimentations, by collecting all of this data, I think that we can be building something for the mid-market that can accelerate the decision process by reaching out directly to the owner.
Investor question: Is there a world in which someone else could build the same API integrations?
Iñaki: Working with the data is not a problem. Collecting it is. Right. So that's, right now, is our main differentiator.
Iñaki: Exactly. Exactly. But stage two, we are building some sort of network effects because we're connecting with different solar panel companies and with other consultants and with other people that they are just adding value to the whole network. Right. So we are not just embedding the solution into the business operations, but we're also aiming to add more value into a one-stop shop solution. Because one of the things that have happened is like, okay, I have all of this data, to whom should I reach out to? And we make it stupid simple.
Iñaki: Mm-hmm.
Iñaki: Thank you
Iñaki: Okay.
