Investor question: [end]
Panel Investor: Pitch #4
Oat milk. Kale. Chia seeds. Matcha. Acai… for a while, nobody was talking about these ingredients. Then, in an INSTANT, they were in everybody’s fridge. Not because they were
new,
necessarily. But because they were trends fueled by really good marketing.
Claire Smith wants to do the same thing with an ancient Ethiopian grain called Teff. If you’ve never heard of it, you’re not alone. But this founder aims to change that. [end]
Can this one woman show convince investors that Teff is the new quinoa? Or is it just too teffy to tango?
I’m Josh Muccio. Welcome to The Pitch! Where real entrepreneurs pitch real investors for real money.
Claire: Good morning. My name is Claire Smith, and I am the founder of Teffola. We're all supposed to eat healthier food, right? I mean, how many times have you told your kids or your spouse, try this, it's good for you? Well, you're not alone. The naturally healthy foods market reached 279 billion dollars last year, and there's a new market emerging. Sustainable goods hit 150 billion with a growth rate two and a half times that of traditional goods. Consumer mindset and their spending is shifting from just good for me, to good for me and good for the planet. But let's take a bit of a step back. I grew up as the seventh generation on a farm in Michigan where we've been practicing regenerative techniques focusing on soil health for decades. But in 2015, my dad started to see these wildly fluctuating prices for the commodity crops that we'd been growing. So he began to raise alternative gluten-free grains like teff and buckwheat. And so we're pivoting from corn and soy, which have been the backbone of our farm for a long time, to these different grains. Now, I was living in Western Canada when my mom and dad pitched me this idea to come back to the farm and start something - and I mean anything - with these grains. Eventually, we came up with Teffola, a boldly flavored granola celebrating these ancient grains grown on the farm. Now we're expanding into the snack category, projected to outperform granola revenue two to one by the end of next year. We've done the dirty and scrappy work to know that we're on to something big. And now we're raising 375,000 dollars for the next stage of growth. Thank you.
Investor question: Can we try it?
Claire: Yes. So here are the bites. We have triple chocolate, almond butter mocha -
Investor question: So we're being - and so do all of these have sugar in them?
Claire: So they're just sweetened with just dates and then the granola itself has maple syrup in it.
Claire: And that's our only sweetener.
Investor question: Can you tell a little bit more about the different properties of teff?
Panel Investor: Can you tell a little bit more about the different properties of teff? I've never heard of it before.
Claire: So teff is originally from Ethiopia, so lots of protein, fiber, iron and calcium. My favorite fun fact about teff is that Ethiopian women don't struggle with anemia during pregnancy because there's so much iron in it.
Investor question: Are you concerned that most consumers not being familiar with teff, will have a hard time getting comfortable buying a product called Teffola, when there are lots of gluten-free granola alternatives available?
Panel Investor: Jillian's initial question raises a point, which is I know most people haven't tried teff and aren't familiar with it. Are you concerned that most consumers not being familiar with teff, will have a hard time getting comfortable buying a product called Teffola, when there are lots of gluten-free granola alternatives available?
Claire: Mhm so what we found, I…I did more than 100 demos in the year of 2019, plus a lot of farmers markets. And so when I was educating people about what teff was and the product, they were very interested in the farm and the story and the grain, but as time went on, I realized they're not buying the granola because of the teff itself they're buying it because of the flavor, texture and nutrition, and then the farm story and what we're doing, and then, like, oh it's also a cool grain. But what was really clear to me and what I possibly wish I had done a little bit differently before naming it Teffola, was I didn't want to build a company around one ingredient, because, you know, you see interest spike for that one ingredient and then it kind of peters away. Like, if you think of goji berries or chia seeds, those insane spikes of interest and now, no one's using goji berries. And like so if I built my company around one ingredient, I wouldn't be comfortable with that. So we're building an ancient grains company, specifically gluten free, so -
Investor question: Does that mean you'll have products with other names other than Teffola?
Claire: Yep. We have the Teffola and Teffola bites right now. These go into production in January. And then also next year, we're looking at our first savory product. It'll be like a salad topper, so chickpeas, pumpkin seeds, buckwheat, teff in a spiced mixture. That will be launched under our parent company name, which is Tenera Grains Products. And just to be clear, the farm and my company are separate. We're kind of like a spin off
Investor question: Can you talk about your unit economics?
Claire: So our blended margin is 27% between direct to consumer, which is online and Amazon, and then our wholesale and distributor channels. And then our COGs per bag are about 4.35.
Investor question: What's your total current revenue? And percentage is from direct to consumer versus third party retail?
Claire: Year to date, we're at 70,000 with 10,000 in accounts receivable. So 40% to distributor, 30% direct to stores, and then direct to consumer is right around 30%.
Investor question: What stores are you in right now?
Claire: So we are in a couple of Fresh Thyme stores, we're in more specialty independent stores. Some of our larger accounts would be Better Health in southeastern Michigan, Busch's, those have 15, 16 locations each. We do really well in the independent specialty grocery stores, which is why we brought on KeHE, who’s a national distributor. So we're in two of their warehouses in the Midwest. And Covid taught me a lot of things, but 80% of my business was wholesale. And then that tanked. And so we just needed to kind of even out our channels and be a bit more deliberate about who we're partnering with.
Investor question: At the consumer level, what have you learned about, you know, why people are hiring Teffola as opposed to other products?
Claire: Flavor. We have a really complex flavor profile. It's not an oat based granola. You're looking at almonds, walnuts, buckwheat. Yes, there are oats, teff - it's just, I don't like one-note kind of products. Plus, there's more of this focus of the regenerative agriculture. I get to educate people about what that really means.
Claire: One is dead potting soil - I'm calling it dead, because it's been sitting on my patio for three years with nothing in it. And then the larger jar is dirty that I got from the farm, and there's worms in there, there’s a whole microcosm of organisms that keep the soil healthy and replenish nutrients that the different grains need. So we are highlighting, like, all of our ingredients, we want to source with those regenerative practices, because it's better for the planet.
Investor question: Can you just talk a little bit about what products you see as your primary competition and how you're differentiating?
Claire: In the granola space, it would be Purely . So she has a clean ingredient label. Some of her products are gluten free or grain free. In the snack bites, our competitor would be Made Good. And they have a huge - I'm not sure if you're familiar with Made Good -
Claire: - but they have a really - a bigger line up. And I would say they have a good ingredient label, but I don't see brands really committing to this regenerative agriculture, which is different than organic.
Investor question: Doesn't your ideal customer, in addition to regenerative farming practices, don't you think that they also want to see organic products?
Claire: I think customers are learning the difference between organic and regenerative. You can be an organic farmer and plant the same crops year after year after year and that is stripping the soil. Just because you're organic, doesn't mean you're focused on soil health. We would be organic if we could make sure that our entire supply chain was practicing regenerative techniques and not all organic farmers can say that. So first and foremost to me is regenerative techniques, and all of our ingredients are non-GMO. But our ideal customer wants to see that we care about our product. And so since there isn't a regenerative ag certification, it's talking to consumers about that, educating them on the website, working with our packaging. That's how we would communicate that.
Investor question: So is that your differentiation, that focus on regenerative agriculture?
Investor question: How do you market that?
Panel Investor: So is that your differentiation, that focus on regenerative agriculture? So if -
Panel Investor: Has nothing on it.
Claire: So we have Michigan-grown teff right on the front. It's in the center of the package.
Investor question: But I'm curious to know, have you spent time with the people who have actually purchased your product to understand what’s drawing them in? Is it what we're talking about? Or is it something else?
Panel Investor: So there's our opinions up here. But I'm curious to know, have you spent time with the people who have actually purchased your product to understand what’s drawing them in? Is it what we're talking about? Or is it something else?
Claire: So they're drawn in by the low sugar. So we're three or four grams per sugar - of sugar per serving.
Claire: So it's on the front, it's just not big enough.
Investor question: So this teeny weeny little thing?
Investor question: Can she dig herself out of this one?
Investor question: Have you seen more traction there than via retail?
Panel Investor: Okay. You're talking about less sugar, healthy soil, ancient Ethiopian grains - like, if you had that all here, I'd be like, ooh, okay. Now you've got me. Now this is fascinating. You have it. You're not showing it.
Claire’s got it. But her packaging, does not. Can she dig herself out of this one?
That’s coming up, after a snack sized ad break.
[break]
Welcome back to The Pitch Room! Claire Smith is pitching her teff based snack bites and granola. The investors don’t love the packaging, but they’re intrigued by the product. And if Claire can show a solid plan to get her product into more peoples’ hands,
that
could turnaround this pitch
.
Here’s Phil.
Panel Investor: To me, this product just lends itself so well to direct to consumer, and you mentioned that during Covid you realized that you needed to diversify your distribution channels and start moving more to direct to consumer. Have you seen more traction there than via retail?
Claire: Yeah. I think the direct to consumer has been better for us. We entered into a Google study where they are paying for, you know, $30,000 worth of ads and running the campaigns, and that massive amount of traffic to the website we've seen, you know, 3% conversion rates and that's been very eye-opening for me, because I never had the money beforehand to do any sort of digital ad. And if I can be super honest, it's been pretty much just me this entire five years.
Claire: We've done a lot. And we did a friends and family round last year and that's when I really saw wow, money really can make things happen. I can see a future for sure where 50% of our revenue is coming from direct to consumer, because we set up a subscription model and so people can order this on subscription, and that sticky revenue has been amazing. It was 20% of our revenue last year.
Claire: And if I can just say, our velocity, we've checked the velocity of our SKUs on like a local level, and our velocity is higher than comparatively priced products. So why we're moving into the snack category is because there is much higher velocity on snacks and these will be in single serving pouches. And so that way, we open up so many more points of distribution. We're talking to Meijer gas stations, we're talking to vending machine operators. There's just so much more potential there with a snack bite that is just portable and more on the go than a granola. And I've sat in stores and watched people buy granola. I've spent hours in grocery stores watching people buy granola and -
Claire: - asking them why. We've all done it!
Claire: Yep.
Investor question: Like, do you want to strip all the nutrients out of soil and never be able to grow anything ever again? Or do you want sustainable practices?
Investor question: So I think the missing ingredient here is a retail marketer, and someone who can really help you kind of figure out - like, what's the one thing you want the company to be known for?
Panel Investor: So I'm an investor in a company that makes crackers where the inputs are all regenerative. And this is mostly just a marketing exercise. They have basically a single vector message which is, we make crackers grown with regenerative practices. And the thing that was surprising to me is there is an emerging consumer who's very, very focused on that one single vector of regenerative - because it's very easy to explain to people why it's a big deal. Like, do you want to strip all the nutrients out of soil and never be able to grow anything ever again? Or do you want sustainable practices?
Claire: Yeah. Thank you
Claire: Mhm. Thank you.
