Julia: Hi, I'm Julia.
Julia: Nice to meet you. Julia.
Julia: Hey Mac. Nice to meet you.
Julia: Jesse. Julia. Nice to meet you. All right. Hi everybody. Thanks for your time. My name is Julia Dixon and I am the founder of ESAI. We are the AI platform that is democratizing college admissions. So you probably won't be surprised to hear that students are paying over $90 billion a year on college tuition. But did you know American families are spending an additional $3 billion a year on college advisors? Those are people like myself. I've spent the last eight years helping students and their families navigate an increasingly chaotic time in college admissions. So if you know anyone who's applied to college recently, you know this process includes navigating everything from declining acceptance rates, to the collapse of the FAFSA this year, to the end of affirmative action, confusing test optional policies, and so much more. And college advisors can majorly reduce some of these stressors, but they can also charge upward of a hundred thousand dollars a year, making them inaccessible to most students. And while there are some great counselors at the school level, the average student to counselor ratio is nearly 400 to 1 nationally, meaning students aren't getting individualized admission support from their schools. So I set out to democratize college admissions with ESAI. It's the first of its kind ethical, gamified, and affordable AI platform for college applicants. We have a suite of AI tools that help students navigate everything from program discovery to college essay support to financial resources, helping them build out a cohesive story without ever outsourcing their writing or ideas entirely. Since launching our MVP last summer, we've already helped over 100,000 students get into their dream school, after reaching over 8 million students on TikTok. We also have a new B2B offering with over 100 high schools and districts already on our partner waitlist. So now, in order to deliver on this demand, we're seeking 1 million in funding for our pre seed round. And we are hoping that you can help us democratize college admissions and allow every student to put their best story forward with ESAI.
Mac: Is there a demo that we could see?
Panel Investor: Amazing. Is there a demo that we could see?
Julia: Yeah. So feel free to kind of pass this around
Julia: Yeah, we believe students are experiencing chatbot overload and they often don't even know what to ask a chatbot. So we really tried to create chunked out tools that help them with specific parts of the process as they need them, so that we can really hold their hand through every piece of an application.
Jesse: Have you raised money for this so far?
Panel Investor: Have you raised money for this so far? And maybe if you have, or have not, what it's cost you to get to 100,000 students and the millions of views on TikTok?
Julia: Yeah, so all of that was when we were a team of one and completely bootstrapped. So in addition to being a college advisor, I have a background in marketing and specifically content marketing. So I was able to put that to work, reach students without any paid budget on TikTok and get our first 100,000 users of our MVP that way. We just started raising this pre seed round a couple of months ago. We're about 300k into the 1 million, with an additional 200k of soft commits. So we're looking for support to get us through the second half of the round.
Panel Investor: It's on a SAFE?
Julia: It's on a SAFE with a 5 million valuation cap and 20% discount.
Mac: Are you charging?
Panel Investor: So it's 100,000 on the MVP. Are you charging?
Julia: So we mostly tested our MVP for free in the last year. However, we have generated about 50K in revenue to date, a lot of that coming from our new enterprise contracts. We are launching our new and improved platform this Friday based on learnings from those initial users. That will really push a conversion from free to paid and we are expecting to do over 400k in revenue just in the B2C product this summer.
Panel Investor: And so long term, this is a B2B2C product?
Julia: So we are pushing both. Most immediately, our revenue is going to come from the B2C push. We already have a big social presence. We know how to build for Gen Z and we can be a bit scrappier that way. Long term, there are a lot of benefits going direct to schools. It's bigger annual sales, combat some of the seasonality of admissions. And, as a mission based founder, I think we can reach more lower income students if we go into districts where they're not getting as much support. So we are building out a very intentional pipeline of about 200 schools in this next year, and then long term I'm gonna scale from there.
Mac: What are you thinking about, in terms of the business model, how you might charge? What are you thinking, like a freemium model?
Julia: Yeah, this new platform is a freemium model. On Friday, all students will be able to access our story strategist tool for free. And then if they want access to the entire suite of tools in our platform, it's $49.99 a month, or 250 for the year, which is kind of very intentionally priced out so that even if students maybe only wanted to use this for three months while they're applying, the annual plan would combat some of that and hopefully keep them around longer.
Panel Investor: So 100k users, got them for free. But what percentage of these users actually finished and created an essay?
Julia: Most students used us for college essay support. Our conversion to paid was already about a 2 percent and most of those users who created account at least used our free essay tools, so that helps them come up with essay topics. Basically, everything I would do as an advisor, which of course isn't outsourcing an entire essay, but is helping them frame their topic or outline or edit. So that's what the majority of students did.
Jesse: How are you thinking about, scaling top of funnel growth?
Panel Investor: So I'm invested in and on the board of an adjacent company called Teal. It's basically a lot of what you're talking about, but for people in their job search. And it's been an exceptional business to be invested in. It's a huge opportunity. I think one of the unlocks that they had was they've continued to scale past many millions of users, a lot of paying customers, with a very focused organic growth plan that has continued as they've grown, as opposed to having to pay for users. And so I'd be curious. How are you thinking about, scaling top of funnel growth?
Julia: Yeah, I mean I'm excited about the fact that admissions is kind of the first time as a person maybe you have to think about your life in this big picture way. Like, what is my story and what do I want to do with it? And so we have a cool opportunity to grow with our own users over time and even partner with things like, you know, career readiness platforms to say, Okay, we've started the beginnings of this portfolio for you. We're going to match it to your dream school. Now, how are we going to help you get into programs at that school or your first internship etcetera. So I think the long term growth potential there is really exciting. But we're starting out focus with admissions.
Julia: Thank you.
