Dennis Meng: How's it going.
Dennis: Hi, I'm Dennis. Nice to meet you.
Dennis: I figure that's not true.
Dennis: Awesome. So hey everyone. My name's Dennis. I'm one of the cofounders and I'm the CEO of User Interviews. Before I get started, any of you log into Myspace this morning?
Dennis: I figure you probably didn't log in this morning. Anybody get here on a Segway?
Dennis: No.
Dennis: And then last one, anybody wearing Google Glass today?
Dennis: The common thread here, all three of these products are widely considered to be failures. And super expensive failures right? And the thing is, thousands of products fail every single year. My last startup was one of them.
Dennis: And the number one reason products fail, is that they don't understand their users and they build a product that their users don't want. Luckily there's a super easy solution here. You talk to your users. And so that's where we come in. We've built a software platform that makes it super easy for companies to bring in their users for any type of product or market research. And so that's why companies like Spotify, Pinterest, Wayfair and Vistaprint, and hundreds of others are using our platform every single month.
Dennis: So we're raising $4 million. The goal here is to get our platform at every company so they can make better decisions and ultimately better products.
Investor question: Can you give us an example of how that works?
Dennis: So the first thing, we think of ourselves as the coordination layer, the participant management layer and the logistics layer. We are not the platform where people actually conduct the tests. So I'll explain more holistically how that works. I see your brow is furrowing.
Dennis: So the first thing that happens is a product manager, a designer or a marketer basically decides they have some sort of question that they need to talk to users about. Our platform then goes to work and manages all the logistics behind screening candidates, gathering more information about them, figuring out who you want to invite, then inviting those users to the study, and then paying them for their time. So ultimately, we're the platform that makes sure that the person you want to talk to shows up at the right spot when you want to talk to them.
Dennis: We provide the people, one. Or they can upload their own. And then we provide basically a workflow automation.
Investor question: So how do you charge Wayfair?
Panel Investor: So how do you charge Wayfair? Walk us through the revenue.
Dennis: Yeah umm, we charge per participant that we recruit for one of our client studies.
Investor question: And what's average of that?
Dennis: On average, it's $30 per participant.
Dennis: Sorry, I do want to answer the last part of the question, because I think this is important. And so there's basically two parts of our product today. The first is the workflow that I walked you guys earlier, where you can come through, you can invite people from our audience or yours, we manage all the logistics. The second part of the platform is what we're calling our research hub. The research hub we just launched a couple months ago. That's a subscription offering. And that's for companies that want to be tracking their users across the entire company. And so they're paying a monthly fee for that.
Dennis: Ah so, we're in the middle of closing our first, it's about a $42,000 annual contract.
Investor question: Who do you see as your most direct competitors?
Dennis: we see people using Google spreadsheets and Excel, and even Salesforce and HubSpot. The difference there is that they don't offer any of the workflow automations that we do, so they're not built for this research use case.
Investor question: And how are you better, different, complementary?
Dennis: Yeah so what we're doing is we're taking that data that they fill out and we're using that to enhance the profiles of all the participants in our audience. And that makes us better at finding participants for the companies that we're working with moving forward. And if one company comes to us and asks a series of questions we capture that data they've asked, and then if another company comes and asks similar questions, we know who to target to deliver participant…
Dennis: Exactly.
Dennis: Yeah. So I was a computer science major at Yale. Graduated in 2012. Worked in consulting for a year. That's where I met my first cofounder. We worked there for about a year. Had an itch to start building products. I talked about my first company that failed. It was a mobile app for business travelers. We built product for a year, year and a half, picked our heads up and had no users. umm That's when we started realizing, okay, let's talk to users, let's figure out how to solve this problem. Yeah, my wife said I shouldn't say this on air. But we basically... Our solution was to go buy refundable plane tickets, go sit at airport security, and then just talk to people waiting for their flights.
Investor question: Or you couldn't find people to survey to get input?
Panel Investor: So in your, in your failed company, you're saying you couldn't find users? Or you couldn't find people to survey to get input?
Dennis: So we... Both.
Dennis: But on the second front, we were trying to get people to give us feedback on the product.
Investor question: You didn't know where to find them?
Dennis: And we didn't know where to find them. We went to airports.
Dennis: Thank you.
Dennis: Yep 100%.
Dennis: Okay.
Dennis: Yeah. So here's why you're wrong. So ... There's two reasons. Before a product goes live, you need to figure out what to build. You need to figure out what direction you want to invest your resources in as a company. Before you actually have a product that you can test out there. And so that's why you need to have conversations with users to guide that before you actually have a tangible product that you want to predict something about. The second point about AI and predictions. So I just had a conversation two days ago with a director of user research at Microsoft. And the way he sees the world evolving is that there's a lot of tech around emotional analysis, basically you know face analysis of what people's emotions are as you're having a conversation. There definitely is going to be an overlap between AI and these conversations.
Dennis: Amazon has a massive user research team.
Panel Investor: Right. And they're pulling people into rooms all the time at $30 a head?
Dennis: Yep.
Panel Investor: So that's how they're scaling Amazon? Through rooms of users?
Dennis: Yeah. So Microsoft, they're expecting to bring in 100,000 people over, maybe not next year but in a couple years down the line.
Panel Investor: So the trend on Amazon and Microsoft is more people in rooms and less AI?
Dennis: I wouldn't say less. I think that they're complementary. You have to do both of them. And Amazon is releasing production code every eleven seconds. Umm they have to decide...
Panel Investor: So you believe in the future that rooms will get bigger, more people and prediction will just follow it?
Dennis: So we think they have to be complementary.
Dennis: And that's a big piece of it.
Dennis: Yeah, I found that if I don't finish, people make assumptions if I don't answer questions. And it gets messy.
Investor question: What's the size of the addressable market, would you say?
Dennis: Yeah. So ultimately, any company that builds a product, we think will be a user of what we're building. And so there are 3 million product companies out there, in industries that we're already working with. And so even if each of those spends $100 a month, that's a $4 billion opportunity.
Investor question: How do you price your enterprise product?
Dennis: So to give you an example. There's a music streaming company that has hundreds of employees. So they have 50 full-time researchers, plus 300 plus employees full-time, like product managers, designers, marketers. So between them, they're spending $40 million on their product team that's trying to build better products. For us, we make them all more efficient. We think that's easily a $400,000 opportunity for us, and that's what we're going after. We've already started penetrating that organization.
Investor question: What do you think your average enterprise ticket price is?
Panel Investor: Okay, so slow down. You've just told me that you believe your average ticket size is $400,000? Because that's my question. What do you think your average enterprise ticket price is?
Dennis: Yeah. So it will be in the range of 50 to 60,000.
Dennis: But as we get to... So first thing that we'll do is we'll get every researcher at this company using the product. And that's the first 50,000.
Investor question: Well, you think, right?
Panel Investor: Well, you think, right? So that's your supposition. So you think there's a land and expand program?
Dennis: 100%
Investor question: And what are you telling your investors for by the end of 2019 your sales are going to be?
Dennis: We expect it to be about $5 million run rate.
Panel Investor: ARR run rate?
Dennis: Yes.
Investor question: And how much of that is your front end vs your back end?
Dennis: So just to give you a context behind that $5 million. We've grown 10% month over month since we raised our seed round February of 2017. We went from $25,000 a month to $150,000 a month in bookings. And so even if we just continue that 10% month-over-month growth, that's what gets us to that 5 million run rate. You have another question. Just want to follow up on that. To the split between how much of that is going to be software, how much of that is going to be recruiting, we expect it to be about 30% software 2019, but then 50 - 60% software by end of 2020.
Dennis: Yes.
Dennis: Yeah. But to, I think the one nuance here is that these companies that will be on this $50,000 ticket price, we're not going in cold and saying... We're already there. They're already spending 10, $20,000 a month with us. And so we're going to go in and say, look, all of your teams are already using our platform. Some of them for the recruiting. Some of them for the software piece.
Panel Investor: But you're still in a kind of a bit of a test track. I mean, no I admire the confidence. But the test track still is, for this company, would you agree with me, that for this company to be worth a lot of company, that software side needs to really, really grow?
Dennis: Yep.
Dennis: Yeah. I mean, if you want me to admit that on air, like yes.
Investor question: That's like, that's a very big distance, right?
Panel Investor: I'm not trying... You're not on trial. What I'm trying to do is ask where you are because you're asking us for money. Because there's a big difference between saying, I think people are going to spend 400 grand or 50 grand, or whether you've done it not. That's like, that's a very big distance, right?
Dennis: No, understood. No. Totally understand. And I think there is partially a leap of faith in this round.
Investor question: Or how much have you raised?
Dennis: We raised a SAFE at an 8 million valuation.
Investor question: And how much?
Dennis: So we've ultimately raised 1.7 million total.
Investor question: Okay, now you're doing 4 million?
Dennis: Right.
Dennis: That's for I think you guys to decide.
Investor question: What do you think the valuation is?
Dennis: I think fairly we would expect to be in the $18 million range.
Dennis: I mean I think, we're not trying to give away a third of the company on this round. I think based on the pipeline and once you see the companies that we're already in and how we expect to grow from what they're spending with us today to getting to those $50,000 contracts, we don't think that's a huge leap.
Panel Investor: Let me just parrot back your number to you right. So at the end of 2019, about $2 million will be enterprise revenue, right?
Dennis: The way you're defining enterprise, you're talking about the software piece?
Dennis: Sure. Yes.
Dennis: Well, so, you're discounting the other side of the business to zero, which I don't think is entirely fair.
Dennis: I think that's right. I think if you want to value the business strictly off of multiples, I think that is a way that you can look at it. Like honestly, we're not optimizing for price. We're optimizing for people that understand the vision, can add value to us as we grow to that next stage.
Dennis: A third of the company at 4 million would be 12 million dollars.
Dennis: Yes. I think there's an absolute floor to the price. I think there's a floor to the price. We're definitely not going below 12 million.
Dennis: No. Appreciate that.
Dennis: Thank you. Appreciate it.
Dennis: Great. Love to continue the conversation and keep that going.
Dennis: Very cool. Thank you.
