Kalle: my passion is making that great coffee really easy and fun and accessible to as many people as I possibly can.
Kalle: My background is pretty heavily in coffee. I’ve been a barista for almost ten years. Originally from Helsinki, Finland, where I started working in coffee.
Kalle Freese: I’m two-time Finnish barista champion and I was ranked as the -
Investor question: Two time what?
Kalle: Two-time Finnish barista champion.
Investor question: You have barista championships?
Kalle: Coffee making champion. Yes.
Kalle: And to me what I love coffee - it’s really a concrete way of making somebody’s day better - by serving them a great cup of coffee. And my passion is making that great coffee really easy and fun and accessible to as many people as I possibly can.
Kalle: So Sudden Coffee is instant coffee that you’ll actually want to drink.
Josh Zloof: So yeah - so, I'm Josh. I'm the CEO of Sudden Coffee.
Investor question: What’s your background?
Josh: Yeah. So I guess I’m sort of...
Investor question: Are you a coffee champion?
Josh: I’m the 10th best, actually.
Investor question: You are?
Investor question: Are you?
Josh: No, no. No, I'm not.
Josh: Yeah, So my background is half operations, half tech. And so for me, I’m really passionate about how you can deliver really awesome offline experiences using technology.
Kalle: Fundamentally, instant coffee is liquid coffee that’s dehydrated. And it’s been around for a long time and everybody knows that it’s not great, right? And how it works is that the huge companies that make it so far get basically the cheapest, crappiest coffee around, roast it very dark, and then they extract it at very high temperature and pressure, actually twice, so that you get three times as much of it out of the bean as you would normally get when you brew the coffee. Then that liquid, which is really woody and bitter, is boiled down and sprayed with hot air, so you get rid of anything delicious that might be left in there. So you have a lot of this powder for very cheap, but it doesn’t taste great.
Josh: And that turned out to be Sudden Coffee.
Investor question: So tell us about the process? Did you develop the process?
Kalle: Yes.
Investor question: Is this a patented process?
Kalle: It’s proprietary. It’s a trade secret.
Kalle: It’s not patented currently.
Kalle: Well, I don’t think that having no patent means that there’s no defensibility.
Josh: And we’re now at the point where we’re trying to raise a $3 million round to really help us get to the next level of scale, both from a capacity standpoint, but mostly from a marketing standpoint. Yeah, who wants coffee by the way?
Investor question: The question for me is to you guys, how did it taste?
Investor question: Does it taste like what you get at Starbucks?
Investor question: So is this better than Starbucks?
Investor question: How big was the instant coffee market?
Kalle: $35 billion.
Kalle: Worldwide.
Kalle: That’s correct. But we’re not targeting the people who drink instant coffee. We’re targeting people who go to Blue Bottle who kind of realize that they, first of all are willing to pay several dollars for a cup of coffee.
Investor question: So where do you fit in that model?
Kalle: I think, ultimately, we’re creating an alternative way of drinking good coffee. So it’s not meant to replace going out to a coffee shop when you have a chance to do that. It’s not meant to brew coffee at home. And like most people we talk with drink two cups of coffee a day. And the first one is very entrenched in their morning routine. And it’s about getting caffeine. It’s about the ritual that gets your morning going. And then the second cup, more often people have a problem with that. If you’re stuck at work and you only have capsule coffee that doesn’t taste great, we can help you drink good coffee when you’re there, when you’re traveling.
Investor question: You’ve been selling since when?
Josh: January. January 2016.
Investor question: How are you selling it?
Josh: It’s online only. As subscriptions.
Investor question: How much is a subscription?
Kalle: Currently, it’s $2.50 a cup. Basically, the whole value proposition that I had in mind when we started working on this is making a cup of coffee that is as good as you can get at cafes. I mean, realistically, it’s not, it’s never going to be better than the best freshly brewed coffee. But it’s already better than 90% of what I get in good cafes. So you can have a great cup of coffee for half the price of what you would pay in a coffee shop. And you can have it anywhere
Investor question: How much sales have you generated since January?
Josh: So we’ve done about 100k since January. We’re at 20k recurring.
Investor question: How many subscribers is that?
Josh: So our peak was in July, we had 500 subscribers. I think now we’re closer to 400.
Investor question: What do you guys, when you raise this round, what’s your go to market strategy? Where do you go from here?
Josh: So there’s kind of a short-term and a long-term plan. Long term, our real vision is to build the world’s largest specialty cafe using technology. Sort of abstract all of the things you get from a cafe.
Josh: No, a virtual cafe. The world’s largest virtual cafe. So this could look like an app, it could be through our website. So like how do we scale the things that Kalle would do in a cafe, to everyone in their home, either through their phone or through their computer, and kind of connect the online and offline experience.
Investor question: Do people get brand loyalty and emotionally attached to coffee brands?
Josh: So and we keep debating this internally. And by the way we should come back to, we have fundraising news that we should disclose at the end. But we keep coming to this debate internally about should we do a crowdfunding campaign. And Kalle has always been pushing hard that we should do a crowdfunding campaign. And my question is always at the end of the day we’re still going to have a problem driving impressions to the campaign.
Investor question: Yeah, what's your big news?
Josh: We purposely left room on the round.
Investor question: What, like 100?
Josh: Yeah. There’s 100 left on the round.
Josh: There’s 100 left on the round.
Josh: We raised 2.9 from Charles River Ventures is our lead. And this is our second round. So we raised 500k a year ago.
Josh: The valuation on this round is 6.25 pre.
Josh: That’s exactly, we’re specifically looking for brand help. That’s specifically why we left cash open. Literally. That is our goal.
