Alex: Hi. Nice to meet you all. Yeah.
Investor question: Who are you? What's your name?
Alex: My name's Alex. I'm the cofounder and CEO of Natrion. Yeah.
Alex: Yeah, so uh at Natrion, we're actually based right here in Illinois, and what we're doing is - our mission, rather, isto realize a vision of safe, affordable and efficient electric vehicles.So our story kind of begins in high school. I would get rides to school with my friend in his dad's Tesla. And that would be my favorite part of the day. Loved that thing and so I've loved electric cars ever since. But to really make electric cars viable for the mass market, a couple of things need to happen first. These cars need to be able to drive further, charge faster, cost less, and most importantly, not catch on fire.
Alex: Yeah. Now electric vehicle battery fires are becoming alarmingly more common and it’s not just scaring away consumers, but it's costing billions in recalls for the auto makers. And so uh, I was a University of Illinois materials engineering student, and I started working on something called a solid state battery where um we essentially don't use any flammable materials.And this technology's been known in the industry to be a bit of a holy grail because solid state batteries are also way more efficient, but nobody's figured out how to make them at the scales that are required by the automotive industry yet. So I kind of pleaded with my professor, started getting time in their labs.Some of the stuff we were doing, OSHA would definitely not approve of, but uh it was enough to get us our first US Air Force contract to continue the research and that's how Natrion got started as a company.So fast forward to today, the suite of patented battery components that we make eliminate fire risk and they can make an electric car drive as far as 450 miles on a single charge. We can charge in as little as 15 minutes.We're currently piloting with ten auto makers and cell manufacturers where they're actually evaluating our materials and battery cells. And last year we raised a 2 million dollar seed round.And so what we want to do now is build out a pilot production line.That's why we're raising,a 20 million dollar seed round. So I guess that's why I'm here today and uh yeah.
Investor question: Why do you think others in this space have not been able to accomplish this?
Alex: Yeah. No, I mean, we get that question all the time.
Alex: No, no fair question.So from fundamental material things to the fact that we want to be a component supplier rather than a full cell manufacturer. So we really kind of sat down with cell manufacturers, looked at their process, what machinery do they use right now, what does their cell construction look right now, and then designed a material that would fit that as much as possible, versus, you know, our competitors usually they have a new material, and it might have fantastic performance, but then they're trying to figure out how to build a cell around that, and that's why it's taken them forever and so much capital to get to the market in a meaningful way.
Alex: So the core innovation is uhwhat's called a solid state electrolytes, so the electrolyte is in the center of the battery cell, it's what moves the lithium ions. And usually this is a liquid, that's why batteries right now are so flammable, it's a basically gasoline kinda liquid. And so what we do is what's called a hybrid composite material, so it's a material where we're blending polymers and ceramics.
Investor question: Have you patented this?
Alex: Yeah.So we have one patent issued on the ceramic part of the composite.
Alex: And then we have five more inventions currently pending surrounding the polymer, the composite itself, processes, methods of integration, into battery cells.
Alex: Correct.
Alex: Right now the way a battery is made is I mentioned there's a liquid in the middle of it. Really what it is is this kind of like porous cloth that's soaked with the liquid and then you literally sandwich it into the middle of the battery. So we made our solid state electrolyte mimic that cloth almost exactly, how thick it is, how flexible it is, how strong it is, right. So the machinery can stay the same, and as a result, there's actually very little that you have to change.
Alex: I mean it's, you know, when you go to scale manufacturing, it's really the little things that'll kill you.Some of the companies doing ceramics out there, if they get their technology up to scale, will be truly amazing and umm-
Alex: Probably more than several is the thing. We're talking about millions and millions of EV as soon as2030, right. So really we need a solution in kinda the next five years.So there are companies that have solutions are gonna be fantastic in ten years time, but we need to fill that gap.
Alex: No, sosome of these ceramic companies, especially some of the ones who are publicly listed, fantastic results.We believe we have been matching them on performance or have been just right on their heels.just based on cell testing results.
Investor question: Is the range improvement something that the kind of ceramic comps are able to do as well, going to like from what is it right now, 200?
Investor question: The ceramics would provide a longer range, right?
Alex: Long story short, not necessarily.So when I say that we can increase range, that's because our electrolyte enables the use of lithium metal in the battery cells. So right now batteries use graphite. You switch to lithium metal, very easy to increase energy density by 50%.And so it's a little kind of minutiae like that. But as far as tech that'll be here in a couple of years, we're right we're need to be at, I believe.
Alex: Yeah, I know the Halon guys. Yeah.
Alex: Sure.
Alex: Yes.
Investor question: And you're going to build the production facility?
Alex: Correct.
Investor question: And where are you going to do that?
Alex: We're looking around here, the Chicago area.
Alex: Two years.
Investor question: Does that get you to revenue generating? Or where are you after two years?
Alex: Where we want to be at the end of that is actually you know our first POs coming in and we'd be filling those.But conceivably, we'll be at A sample cells at that stage, something that you can start building EV battery packs and then getting those proven out and certified.
Investor question: What could this business look like financially?
Alex: Yeah. Soconceivably in two years, we could be in battery packs getting battery pack certified with an auto maker.After thatwe're actually bringing in revenue.
Alex: If all goes well, yeah.
Alex: It's been interesting, becausewe're seeing a trend in the industry where the auto makers want to exert more and more control about what's actually going into the battery, rather than just kind of taking whatever the manufacturer's offering. So they want to invest in companies like us. They have robust R&D teams in house to prove out tech like ours. And they ultimately are trying to be the decision makers in cell chemistry.
Investor question: Have you discussed an investment fromany of their venture funds?
Alex: Yeah. umyou know the plan A for this round, so to speak, is we do have auto makers that are venture capital arms that have been quite involved in the evaluation projects we're running. Andit looks like we could get them to lead - one or both of them to lead the round
Alex: That's pretty much it. So these two auto makers I mentionedare mostly interested in this lithium metal battery chemistry that we can enable. And why aren't lithium metal batteries here right now? They don't last very long. So we're trying to show that they do. And kind of what we literally have to show is that you can charge or discharge this battery a thousand times and still have 80% of the energy, the 1000th cycle that you had the first time you charged or discharged it.
Investor question: And so where are you in that proof point?
Alex: So one of the auto makers, we're kind of on the edge of our seats, because we're supposed to hear back any week now.
Alex: In house, yes.
Alex: Yes.We've gone now to 400 cycles with less than 2% degradation and we have the coulombic efficiencies we need to get to 1000 so
Alex: Exactly. Yeah.
Alex: Oh absolutely.
Alex: Pretty much.
Alex: Well uh-
Investor question: Or maybe you don't want to?
Alex: Yeah. Um, the kind of checks that they cut, I mean, you know - 10 million dollar check, yeah, that would be pretty normal for them.And we've - kind of our strategy has been to start getting as many people to agree to potentially follow on once we get an auto maker to lead.
Alex: And start due diligence early just so we can have, you know, close as soon as we can.
Alex: Fair enough.
Investor question: Were you the one raising the first 2 million dollars?
Alex: Yep. So that was a seed.
Investor question: Who'd you raise that from?
Alex: It was led by Tech Nexus and Tamarack Global,and then Cuban was the third biggest ticket. And that was a convertible note.
Investor question: And what was the - was there a cap on it?
Alex: Yeah. That was12 million. And right now, we're actually doing kind of a continuation on the note, we're bringing in another couple hundred grand just to give us a bit more runway if we need it. And that's at an 18 million cap, is the new round.
Investor question: Is there any space left in that?
Alex: Yeah. So the seed continuation, we have about 350,000 more space left in that.
