Elias: But, great to meet you all. Great to meet you all. I don't know if we can shake hands.
Elias: I'm Elias.
Investor question: Elias - what's your company?
Elias: So I'm Elias Stahl. I'm the cofounder and CEO of HILOS and we're building the technology to power the next global supply chain. And we're starting with the most wasteful and inefficient industry on the planet - the fashion industry.
Elias: Clothing, footwear. We make 24 billion shoes every year, one out of five goes straight to the landfill. And why is that? We massively over produce. Every brand has the hard choice between being out of stock and missing a sale or overproducing. So HILOS is a design development and infinite restock platform, allowing brands to make only what they need and never miss a sale. So I'm wearing a pair of Emmett slip-on mules, that is sold by a brand called Helm Boots. And that is a line powered by our technology. Always in stock, made only after a customer orders, with 72-hour turnaround. without waste. So what HILOS does, at our core we have developed and engineered a completely new method of make with low component parts and low labor and no tooling. So they can launch whatever kind of styles they like rapidly. Not 18 months development - we're talking as little as 90 days. So we went through Techstars’s accelerator, the AI and manufacturing accelerator early last year. We actually are right now in a $4 million raise. We've already closed the first two and so right now we're subscribing the last 2 million of that round. Can I take you on a tour?
Elias: So brands come to us asking for us to make a slip on mule or
Elias: - this beautiful open-toe clog.
Elias: Heeled clog. That shoe is actually three component parts. A 3D printed piece that's printed on demand and then a leather upper that's cut without any tooling and then a new assembly process that allows it to be assembled on demand with low labor in market and able to be disassembled and every part to be recycled. That's an example of one of our patterns right there.
Elias: Essentially we're simplifying the manufacturing process so it can be made locally by our production partners with infinite resupply, restock potential. And then we have this software around it that allows brands to rapidly adopt and design within those new methods of make.
Elias: Not just the manufacturing - everything. Brands do what they do best. They design and they market. And we take care of the rest.
Elias: HILOS is the software platform that allows for brands to adopt the technology of this new method of make and design within it. And then we've assembled partners, that are printing partners, and assembly partners, that actually allow -
Investor question: Okay, so you're not doing the 3D printing either?
Elias: No.
Elias: Yeah. 3D printing is a very capital intensive -
Elias: - endeavor. So we have incredible partners that the largest most industrious scale 3D printing partner in the world that we have an exclusive relationship with.
Elias: Absolutely. It's shockingly fast.
Elias: It's because empires and corporations are all built on one thing, one real thing. Supply chain. Logistics. It hasn't been as - whether it's Rockefeller or whether it's Amazon, logistical strength is the backbone of any business worth its salt. And building that kind of resilient yet rapid supply chain is what we're all about. So the way that our supply chain works is we essentially have printing partners that maintain very shallow levels of inventories at assembly partners that are each around a certain product type. They're able to then turn around things in 72 hours.
Elias: Exactly. They dropship directly to the store, or to the customer's house if it's an ecommerce purchase.
Investor question: How many customers are you working with?
Elias: Yeah. So we're a three-year-old startup based out Portland. We started this by launching our own concept lines to show what this technology meant for brands and their customers. So the first brand we launched was with Helm Boots. That launched in October of last year. Within six months of that launching, we signed another four brands. and we went to South by Southwest to showcase this new model of collaboration of industry and won World's Most Innovative Technology and Best in Show.
Elias: Thank you.
Investor question: So what is the - from sale price of the shoe to the consumer, what goes to you, what's the cost of the goods, what's the cost of the manufacturing, the shipping?
Elias: So as a platform, we take a passive unit margin off of every product sold. For the brand, if you're a Nike or an H&M, you're used to a gross profit of 45 to 50% after all cost of goods sold are factored in. So if you're used to spending, you know, charging $200 for a pair of clogs, then your gross profit you're used to getting is $100. We price at the same level.
Investor question: But so what is that percentage?
Investor question: Yeah, so how much do you make?
Elias: 15% of the unit cost for the brand. So if it's $100 let’s say, it'd be $15 of every thing sold that is 100% margin because we didn't actually pay to fulfill that in any way.
Elias: On a $200 shoe.
Investor question: What's the cheapest shoe you could actually run through this process?
Elias: Yes. we don't go below 200. It doesn't work. We can't get cost structures to work below 200 with today's technology this year. We have a pathway to do that in the next two years.
Investor question: So are these better, worse or the same for your feet as traditional shoes?
Elias: So much better than legacy production. We sent the Georgia on a 300-mile joy ride and it came out without a scratch. And a big reason for that is because we're using far more advanced materials and we're using a completely different structure of build. With these, you have low component parts that are really made to integrate together, to fit together. So durability, comfort and lightweighting have been hallmarks of the technology.
Elias: Yes.
Investor question: Right?
Elias: Yes.
Investor question: Can you talk to us a little bit about the momentum of the business from a sales perspective and revenue?
Elias: Yes. Absolutely. So right now, we're looking at 3 million in revenue next year from the brands we currently have signed and under contract. And we believe we have a very strong pathway to get to 16 million the following year.
Elias: Sixteen.
Investor question: How much revenue will you do this year?
Elias: About a quarter of a million.
Elias: And isn't that insane? Only in Portland, right.
Investor question: You said 15% is your take?
Elias: So you're talking about what our profit would be expected next year?
Elias: I believe it would be around 250, 300,000.
Elias: So yeah, let me clarify. The profit from unit sales should be around 250.
Investor question: Why?
Elias: Next year.
Investor question: Is it a scale thing? You just don't have it at scale yet?
Elias: No, no. It's 15% on an average. But it doesn't mean that the lines - for instance, next year might be weighted more towards slides, which are lower volume and therefore we have a lower unit margin. It might be more of a 10% unit margin earlier in that year, because of the products we have going out -
Elias: Yes. I would have to get back to you with exact numbers, because we just revised these every quarter. So of 3 million, there's development fees recurring development fees from brands that are scoping in, about to sign, currently signed, in development. And then there's launches that we have planned for the year.
Investor question: Are these contracts signed?
Elias: Yeah. They're signed. The way that we contract, we have signed MSAs. And we make it very easy for brands to expand into new product categories by just adding addendas to those signed MSAs. So they can -
Investor question: But how sure - how sure are you that you're gonna do $3 million next year?
Elias: I'm very sure.
Elias: So there's two fundamental ways I think you can look at a business. I think the way that we've had investors come in and value this business and it was Better who set the price, is that they're getting in - they look at the team, the technology, the execution and the upside potential, and they see massive upside potential. They see a team that's been killing it. They see a massive problem that needs to be solved.
Investor question: Did you say they were an impact fund, though, as well?
Elias: Of course. Well, massive problem to be solved for the good of the planet. And then there are those that are very focused on revenue multiples. I think revenue multiples for a seed round is too early. That's more of a Series A conversation, 3 million next year and we have a 16 million the year after we have our eyes on, that's when we want to go out and raise a really big round that is very focused on revenue multiples. At this stage, I don't feel it's as appropriate.
Investor question: And so what multiple do you think you'll be able to defend to a Series A investor at that point?
Elias: In some ways, it'll depend on the market, but I think at the floor, 10x. So we're looking at valuing on topline revenue the - if you look at profit, we are operating profit. By next year, it'll be over 40%. More profitable than Google or Amazon, because we don't fundamentally invest or hold the cost of the things that we fulfill for brands. So you can see a very rapid scale up with very high operating margins in this kind of a platform business. It's also an infrastructure business. We are fundamentally the infrastructure that allows brands to launch product the way that they will be launched for the next century. We own the language by which they make the product, we have exclusive supplier relationships, and brands are incredibly dependent on that, and dependent on us, which allows us to have a huge amount of leverage in that relationship. So this is an infrastructure monopoly position in the market with very high operating margins, and you need to be looking at this much more as an AWS play.
Elias: No, that would be on like the 16 million in 2024. By then, we'd be -
Elias: Operating margin. Yeah. 43%, I think, to be exact.
Elias: That’s how you know it’s been a good day.
Investor question: How many orders are you receiving on a monthly basis?
Elias: You got it.
