Mariam: Hello everyone, nice to meet you.
Investor question: What's your - Mariam?
Mariam: Mariam, yes.
Mariam: Nice to meet you.
Mariam: Awesome. Okay, well, before I introduce myself, I want to introduce you to an industry that's currently experiencing 2x yearly growth, that you are not invested in. Companies are spending an annual $2.2 billion on research in Africa. My name is Mariam Braimah. I'm the cofounder and CEO of Kimoyo Insights, a research analytics platform helping global companies get feedback from African consumers. Prior to Kimoyo, I was a lead product designer at Netflix, spearheading products like the mobile only plan. And that product, like all others, started with research. It took our team two to three weeks to recruit participants in the UK and India. In Kenya, Nigeria, it took two to three months. It was so frustrating. And Netflix is not alone. Participant recruitment is the number one problem for teams around the world conducting research across the continent. Modern research platforms, like usertesting.com and traditional research agencies do not cater to African demographics. Kimoyo is changing that. Since launching last year, we have over 11,000 participants in our private beta, and have generated 115,000 in revenue, supporting companies like Microsoft and Flutterwave. We are raising a $1 million pre seed to automate the entire research workflow. From research logistics through analysis, Kimoyo will help companies build better products for Africans and with Africans, starting with the most important thing: talking to their customers.
Investor question: Can you tell us about you?
Mariam: Yeah, yeah. So yeah, like I said, my name's Mariam. I'm originally from New York, but I'm of Nigerian descent. I've always been a Nigerian American - Nigerian first, American second. Prior to Netflix, I actually managed a cross-functional research and design team. And I studied history of art and architecture at Harvard.
Investor question: Are you a first time founder?
Mariam: Yes, I am.
Mariam: Yeah. So what we're building is a platform that you can automate the entire scheduling, the recruitment, the screening of our participants, and the qualification of our participants. Right now, we are more like that logistics intermediary. The actual research does not happen on our platform, just to start. If you are familiar with like userinterviews.com, it's a similar play. So what that looks like is pretty much a two-sided marketplace where you have participants on one end and you have the scheduling and the payments portion on the other end.
Mariam: Yeah. Yeah. What's - what's really awesome is I don't know how many Africans you all know, but in general if you don't even ask for an opinion, let's just say from someone like my mother or my father, I don't have to pay them for their opinion. And so it's actually very easy if I'm telling a bunch of - say, like we're gonna pay you for what you do for free. That's actually the easiest part of getting the participants. The harder part to your question is the qualification. And what we've done is we've created a three-step process that automates that qualification and trains actually participants on how to give feedback efficiently and helpful for our studies. So before you're even able to apply to a study on Kimoyo, we actually make sure that they're a qualified participant.
Investor question: Can you characterize the types of studies Are these consumer products? Are these software applications? Are these general market studies?
Mariam: So what we've looked at are what are the fastest growing sectors and industries that are doing research at the highest rate. And so R&D spend, basically. Initially starting with tech, we focus on tech hubs right now to start. And fastest growing markets, I should say. So Nigeria, Kenya, Ghana, Rwanda and South Africa are markets that we're targeting just now. But however we want to break into consumer packaged goods. That's actually our longer term play.
Mariam: Right. Thank you for saying that. It is not a country. Yeah, so typically where we - we typically charge around 100 to $150 per participant, yielding a 70% profit margin. And so what we charge, we fix our rates accordingly per - by time. So for an hour-long study, we might charge $20, and then kind of fix it along there. And that's 20USD. We pay in USD and it gets disbursed in the local currency.
Mariam: It's very good.
Mariam: And I love your question because actually, ironically, we thought we would actually get more people that were for the just the money. And don't get me wrong - yes, there's that subset. But honestly, the majority of our participants felt thrilled that they were able to test cutting edge technology. They actually feel like they're a part -
Mariam: Exactly. Exactly.
Mariam: Exactly.
Mariam: Exactly.
Investor question: And who are your customers now?
Mariam: So we worked with - we are working, I should say, with Microsoft, Flutterwave, which is the largest fintech company in Africa, Chipper Cash, we've worked with BBC, Amazon. We've noticed that majority of our customers are tending to be in the fintech space. However we have been recently starting conversations with a large multinational corporation in the CPG space.
Investor question: And what are your revenues?
Mariam: Revenue, we've done $115,000 in revenue to date.
Investor question: For how long?
Mariam: Since last - since launching last year.
Mariam: Yeah.
Investor question: So have you looked at your payment model?
Mariam: We've been able to start looking at more like subscription based assessments. And Flutterwave is actually the first trial where we've had with that. We are officially their African research provider on a yearly contract.
Mariam: With Flutterwave - it's 75,000 - but we're targeting around 55,000 for the cost of contracts, which is in line with the industry standard, like usertesting.com. and userzoom
Investor question: Do you have local VCs from Africa as investors?
Mariam: No, we do not have local VCs. We're in later stage due diligence with a few.
Investor question: How much have you raised?
Mariam: We have raised 30% of our round, so about 300,000
Investor question: How much revenue will you be at at 12 months?
Mariam: We've been targeting 300,000 in ARR.
Investor question: Are there any other research firms that are targeting the African continent the way that you guys are? Like what does the competitive landscape look like?
Mariam: Yeah. If you're talking about traditional research agencies, if we call those firms, you look at Ipso, Kantar or even McKinsey to some extent. But they're mostly, those traditional research agencies, where they're usually partnering with smaller agencies on the ground to help execute the research on there. So typically what you notice with them, is that they are specifically very siloed in the markets that they focus on. So they might say, we do research in Nigeria, or we do research in Kenya, but to do research across the continent, which is typically what is needed, they're not doing that, which is how we've differentiated ourselves
Investor question: And then how do you guys partner on the ground there?
Mariam: Yeah.
Mariam: I see. Our competitors work with smaller agencies, yes. But where our competitors are not doing is they're not using tech to actually outreach to their participants, so they're a lot slower. So that's where it takes two to three months.
Mariam: Exactly. And so you can't do that with the competitor on the ground cos they're literally recruiting face to face.
Investor question: How do you think about the defensibility of this?
Mariam: Yeah. Our defensibility comes into the third portion of the research workflow Analysis. For every hour that you spend talking to a customer it's estimated that you spend two to three hours analyzing that study. The way we look at it is that we wanna get to the point that you can click a button and be able to say, just get insights, and maybe in two to three minutes, you're able to pull those patterns out. So where the defensibility actually comes from is the fact that we want to be able to take a lot of the information that we're learning in these videos and be able to build our own model that understands that local colloquialisms. For example, what does it mean to say “japa,” which is the process of leaving Nigeria, that is very colloquial. You wouldn't be able to build that into your model in the same way that we have. And the more customers that we have on our platform conducting research, the more participants that we have on our platform conducting research, the stronger that our model actually becomes and the analysis becomes.
Investor question: Do you have terms on that $1 million?
Mariam: Yes. A $6 million cap.
Investor question: Do you have any comparables or ideas how these kind of research companies are valued?
Mariam: Yeah. So we can talk about usertesting.com and userzoom cos they're the leaders in this space. Usertesting.com reached 100 million in ARR, I believe it was in about 15 years. They started in 2008. They weren't subscription based until about 2015, and then from there, I think by 2021, they had crossed over the 100 million mark. With 2300 customers. When you look at userzoom, on the other hand, they learned from usertesting.com and they went as quickly as they could into the subscription model, and they were able to do that in, I believe, ten years with 1000 customers.
Investor question: And you think Africa's big enough to get to $100 million?
Investor question: Are you looking at markets outside of Africa?
Mariam: Africa has 54 markets. We're looking at Africa only. in seven years, Africa will be home to a third of the global population of youth. By 2050, one out of every five customers on the internet will be in Africa. Africa in the past decade has, out of the top ten countries with the fastest growing GDP, five of those markets are in Africa. Retail spend in 2018 was about $1.4 trillion. Two thirds of that was consumer packaged goods. And it's considered one of the fastest growing regions for consumer packaged goods spending in the world. On top of that, when it comes to profitability margins, it's the most profitable region bar none to East Asia.
Investor question: Are you guys a Delaware C Corp?
Mariam: Yes, we are.
Mariam: Oh awesome.
Mariam: I will just clarify a few things. We are a B2b platform. That's first. But then the second I would say is that one company, which was the first in this space, took 15 years. The other took 10. but your company that's in Tanzania, glad to have them as a customer.
Mariam: I think the silence is the money that you all are thinking about investing. Yeah.
Mariam: Yeah.
Mariam: Yeah.
Mariam: Thank you.
Mariam: Yeah okay.
Mariam: Okay.
Mariam: I'll let you know, Microsoft is a US company but, just saying, and they've done more than four studies with us in the past year.
Mariam: Yeah. For sure. For sure. We'll talk tonight. .
Mariam: Yeah, you should do it.
Mariam: Wouldn't it have been nice to have research to help justify your -
