Dan: Dan Hershberg. Nice to meet you.
Dan: Dan Hershberg. Pleasure.
Dan: How are you guys doing?
Investor question: How are you?
Dan: I'm wonderful. Yeah. So good afternoon guys. My name is Dan Hershberg. I am the General Manager and founder of the Amateur Golf Society of America.
Dan: So all across the country, millions of golfers are faced with a similar problem. They want to play more golf, but due to a variety of reasons, they find themselves unable to do so. Whether it's the exclusive prohibitive pricing of private clubs, or limited access to greens fees at crowded public courses, they really don't have an easy solution to that problem. That is, until now. So our team at the Amateur Golf Society has developed a uniquely formatted events series that allows golfers of all skill levels to compete in fun and friendly tournaments 100% on their schedule. Our week-long format allows members to tee it up at any day or time during a seven-day window at the host course, and as a result of their performance, they can earn points and prizes on our weekly and season-long leaderboards. After two years of proof of concept, we saw membership double and we saw engagement nearly triple. So I am here in front of you guys today raising $1 million to help us take AGS national, and who's ready to tee it high and let it fly?
Investor question: Why do you think this is a venture backable business?
Dan: Well, I think when you look at the amount of golfers across this country, golf has really experienced I think a renaissance as a result of the pandemic. So the growth in the game is nearly 20% from what it was prior to the pandemic. And you're not getting that kind of traditional old school age demographic that you're used to seeing in golf courses. You're getting a lot of younger people going out and playing, people who had never previously considered the game, they're engaging at top golf, they're engaging at local simulators, and then that kind of next step. It's like for all of us when we play golf, we get that itch, it kind of gets under our skin. So the number of golfers that you're seeing at like traditional public courses, they're doing 45, 48,000 rounds a year. And the way our business model works is that we monetize those rounds, in addition to membership. So if you simply look at it at scale, if there's 1500 golfers paying at a golf course per week, at every single course in every single region across the country, and we're getting a cut of that revenue, to me it feels like we can grow it pretty quickly. And then we have a number of potential acquisition partners that are more or less within like one degree of separation of our existing organization through our partners. So I think that's kind of what makes it venture backed.
Investor question: So is it - is it an app? Is it an event company? Is it a partner organization?
Dan: So we actually don't staff our events. And then the tech is what drives it. So the way we’ve built this model, if you are an individual golfer, our membership fee is anywhere between 65 and $100 for the year. regardless of your skill level or ability, there's a place for you to play.
Investor question: So what does that guarantee with that membership?
Dan: So all it guarantees you is the GHIN number for your handicap license, access to our event schedule, and then member perks and benefits from sponsors. What makes it nice is you don't have a minimum commitment of tournaments. So some of our members say, hey, I love the rota of courses you play, I love the fact that I can get exclusive advanced access to tee times, but I can't play 30 times. I have kids or I have a job or I have some combination of the both. The way that we've broken it out is say, hey, listen, all you have to do is choose your schedule that fits your life. If you want to play in six events, play in six. If you want to play in 10, play in 10. And your only cost is the greens fee that you would pay as if you were a daily fee golfer. So there's no additional cost to the golfer, and we don't have to change their behavior.
Dan: Any day during that week. Correct.
Investor question: And then how many events do you do a year?
Dan: So this year we have 60 events in 3 states. Pennsylvania, New Jersey and Delaware. A lot of what drives excitement and partnership from courses is that the golfers that play on tour might not have previously gone to that course. Right. Like, I live in South Philadelphia, there are probably 35 courses within an hour and a-half of me -
Dan: Public courses. Yep. And I might not have heard of a dozen or 20 of those. And because we've built this rota in this schedule to allow you the opportunity, you don't have to think, right.
Dan: Yeah, very much so.
Dan: One event per season.
Dan: So if you look at - kind of what I think the ultimate vision for this is, the way the PGA tour runs their schedule. It's the same event with the same sponsor at the same course, at more or less the same time every year. Right. Provides consistency for fans for everything. What we wanna do is find the best 20 to 25 course partners in each market and say, hey, Kimberton Golf Club, you are June 6 through June 12th every year.
Investor question: What's your close rate?
Dan: Close rate is about 85% of the courses that I talk to.
Dan: So it's 65 for seniors, 75 is our standard, and then 100 is our premium. So going back to the actual model itself. So we monetize the membership revenue, and then we take a $5 cut of every greens fee booked by our members. And that is either through our app. So we've created this proprietary booking platform. This is one of the major value props for our members is it's super crowded and challenging to get a tee time at a public course right now. So what we say is, hey, if you join the tour, the day that you - we open registration, every single one of our events will allow you to book a tee time in advance. So that means -
Dan: Yeah. Exactly. And you don't have to fight with the general public for it, right. So the course gives us a $5 cut - and like, this is how a conversation would typically go. So let's say owns a golf course and she's like, Dan, this is really cool, I like you, your model's fun, but my tee sheet's full and I'm getting 100% margins. Like, why would I give you spots.
Dan: So what we do is we say, listen, there's a couple of things that we do. First, we're only there for one week, right. So this is only taking one week of your whole golf season. Secondly, every golfer that books a tee time for that event, they agree to provide their email and their contact information to be added to that course marketing list. But on top of that, what we do is we have a agency that shoots photo, video and drone content for all of our course partners. If you've ever looked at a golf course social media, it is - it is bare. These guys are all used to working with an older demographic that doesn't care about that stuff. So they don't have any content. On top of that, I think what we really get excited about, how we can scale and make this valuable is that we could add, in our app, pre-purchasing for food and bev, pre-purchasing for pro-shop credits, and like our guys and gals who play on tour, they typically end up spending money above and beyond the greens fee. And then again, we capture that for those courses. Not just for that week; they get all that revenue above and beyond.
Dan: I should add some context too. So this business, I - my previous entrepreneurial venture was a craft brewery called Work Horse Brewing Company. So like every business that had an on-premise component, we woke up March 2020 and were like, uh-oh. Like, this is not good. We need to figure something out. So our board sat down, they said, Dan, you're the creative guy. Give us an idea that's pandemic-proof. So what we said is, where can we find our customers in a way that they are safe, they can enjoy our product, and this can last for as long as the pandemic lasts. So we said, okay, golf courses. If we can provide ancillary value beyond just beer, it's highly likely that they will not rotate our product from their draft line. So if I create a golf tour, that I can bring golfers to their course - if you let us come for that week and you purchase our product, not just for the week of the event but for the season, we'll bring you all this revenue. So that's kind of how this all got started. To kind of answer your question, that first year we had about 175 active members, and about 35 golfers playing per week. The second year we did it, we grew it to about 450 active members, and we were seeing 100ish - a little over 100 golfers per week. This year we launched - so there was a kind of a protracted legal extrication to take the assets and IP out of the brewery to launch as its own business. So we've only really been open for two months, and we have about 620 members right now, and our average field size is closer to 160.
Investor question: Your yearly revenue is what?
Dan: No. So this year we're probably looking - cos we have sponsor revenue, that's the other big chunk - so total revenue this year is probably gonna be something around $200,000 would be my guess.
Investor question: Does that hinge upon local people on the ground?
Dan: So I don't think you necessarily need boots on the ground. Cos we've tried to build this without doing so, right. The whole idea is every decision that I make as a leader of the company is how can I optimize for automation and streamlining all of our processes. So our - we kind of joke that like our customer acquisition costs should be 25% of what it is on paper, because if you guys are gonna play golf, one of you is gonna book a tee time and then you're gonna tell the other three.
Dan: So we have to automate and create a very comprehensive referral system where there's either discounts or benefits to bringing your friends. But at that point, it's just a snowball effect, right. And every foursome has one guy who has another three guys, another four guys, so on and so forth. So.
Investor question: Who's building the tech?
Dan: So Golf Genius, which is the industry leader in tournament management software, real time scoring, our private equity backers who had a majority share of the brewery and now are majority owners of this business, have an ownership stake in Golf Genius.
Investor question: So how much does Golf Genius own of the company?
Dan: Golf Genius owns nothing.
Dan: Oh, the private equity firm. So they have about a 35% ownership stake in the business.
Investor question: And do you umm do you like them as partners?
Dan: They've been great.
Investor question: Did they invest money?
Dan: So what they did - so they basically forgave $2 million worth of debt that was owed to them from the brewery to set the valuation, and then that's how we kind of got things started. So they didn't put any new money into it for this particular round, but they forgave that debt, came on, and then we raised 1 million on top for a 3 million post.
Investor question: Is this a spin - this is a standalone company, though, right?
Dan: It is now, yeah. So we spun it out.
Investor question: And then you raised an additional million from them?
Dan: We raised 725 of this $1 million round through strategic investors, some folks within the golf space, some folks that I had kind of kept tabs on through the brewery side of things.
Dan: Correct.
Investor question: And 35 - and how much - you're the, you said managing director?
Dan: I'm the general manager, founder, app guru -
Dan: I'll go with that.
Investor question: How much of the company do you own?
Dan: I have 20% of the company.
Investor question: Who's got the rest?
Dan: A variety of individual investors. So I went to Cornell undergrad. and a couple guys that I know through that relationship brought a couple of their group in. Collectively, they represent about 400,000 of that 725. That's -
Investor question: How much does the team, your cofounding team, own?
Dan: 25%. So it's 20 for myself, and then 5% for my COO.
Dan: That's correct.
Dan: Yeah. I think for me it's less about the overall ownership - of course I want to have as much of the pie as possible. But we built this business in a way where because of how efficient it is, how asset light it is, and because of the opportunity for acquisition - in my mind, I'm trying to build this as quickly as I can and then flip it.
Investor question: What is the upside here?
Dan: Sure.
Dan: I wanna build it as aggressively and as quickly as possible, knowing that we have existing partners in place who have an interest in this problem that we're solving right.
Investor question: And so what is a great outcome for you?
Dan: So if we look at every single AGA in the country, of which there are 58, if each one of those markets has an AGS tour in it with 2500 members, this business is cash flowing $30 million a year.
Investor question: How many members do you need to get to that $30 million revenue mark?
Dan: So it would be 2500 members in 35 markets.
Investor question: And what's that math?
Dan: That math would be like 80,000 members.
Dan: Part of the reason why I like talking to people in your seat is because this is a new experience for me. Right. So like I could sit here and I could tell you I know exactly when the time to do that is, but I've been first a sole proprietor, I was hustling parking lots. I think I'm the only Ivy League educated Jewish parking lot hustler in South Philadelphia sports history. That was great. I learned a lot. Did it all by myself. Grew the brewery. I had to wear every single hat from architect, general contractor, sales person, production operations, logistics. I did it all. Now, I'm in a role where I'm eager to learn. I think I know a lot. I think I can be really valuable. But I think finding partners who can help assist with that growth, both personally and professionally, is my ideal situation. So to your point, like, yes, would I love to own 5% of a massive business? Of course. But what I'm also looking for is support and leadership from people who can help take what I think is a really good idea with proof of concept and then take it to that next level.
Dan: Yeah. I mean, that's certainly an option. I'm not gonna pretend it's not.
Dan: I think the only thing I would ask and appreciate the opportunity to come to you about it. I don't think there is any on the ground need. It's me making phone calls. But we don't staff events. Like, I don't have to physically be there. But again, I certainly understand why from point 2 it doesn't make sense.
Investor question: What's the million dollars for? What's it get ya?
Dan: I think primarily marketing, to be honest with you. The business in my mind is really unique because it only has two KPIs that matter. It's the number of members you have and the engagement at which they play. If both of those numbers are good, you can't screw it up because it just flows cash. It's literally just getting members in the door.
Dan: I mean, I don't think so either. I think it's just time and money is really what it is.
Investor question: How many rounds? How much capital?
Dan: Yeah I think from the first million dollars what it would be - the biggest success for me would be if we could open three to four new markets next year with five to 700 members. So in terms of what the spend would go towards, it's like how do you - how do you acquire that many members? And I think it's you hire a marketing agency, you get the right social components, you get some influencers on board.
Dan: We have 275 left in this round.
Dan: So it is available.
Dan: There is.
Dan: Amazing
Investor question: And so, how many years are you in to this for?
Dan: I mean, I should probably - I get very excited because like I want - I want to have that success. I want to look back on my career and say, all of the hustle, all of the learnings, it was all worth it. Right. But that doesn't necessarily mean a flip. If the business is flowing 20, 30 million dollars of cash and we're enjoying those profits, like that - that's a great success as well.
Dan: Amazing. Thank you so much for the support.
Dan: Hopefully not that many putts, though.
Dan: That wouldn't be a particularly good score, though.
