Luke: Hi.
Luke: Well, good morning. My name is Luke, and I am the cofounder and CEO of Outlines. So at Outlines, we are pioneering a new circular subscription where we take responsibility for recycling the products that we put into the world. We're starting with the dirtiest products in your home, home essentials. Outlines started with a personal pain point. Every apartment I had in New York City required a plastic shower liner. It was slimy, it was moldy and it was disgusting. And when I went to replace it and put it in my curbside bin, I found out that in New York, they don't actually recycle flexible plastics, and many people know that recyclables in America, of everything we put into our recycling bins, only around 6% of them are actually recycled. So Outlines, we're doing things very differently. We take responsibility for the products that we make. The process for users is super frictionless. With all of our products, when they get a replenishment, it comes with a prepaid mailer to send back the old one and we do all of the recycling. Since we launched our first product in January last year, we’ve sold over 5000 units of the shower liner. But what we're really, really excited about is our subscription rate. 75% of our users subscribe to recurring deliveries at the point of purchase. That's five times an industry standard. We're building a category-defining brand and we're setting a new standard for how consumer businesses should operate. We're now raising a million dollars to launch five new products this year to grow our systems and plans with our existing users, but to also acquire new users. Thank you very much.
Investor question: When you say launch five products, take us through what that is?
Investor question: Like, why are you picking the products that you're picking specifically?
Luke: Yeah. So we call them - we say they're the products you need but never loved. They're all these consumer durables that are just all around our home. So they're things like shower liners, dish scrubbers, toilet brushes. And just by the sheer nature of the job they do, they require replacing. But when we do replace them, they contribute to the growing plastic waste crisis. When we design these products, the first thing we start with is like a life cycle analysis. Is it, you know, petroleum-based materials, how far are we shipping it, how heavy is it, how light is it. And also, like, what are the possible environmental downfalls of that.
Luke: We design it. Then we have a manufacturing partner in China right now.
Luke: And then we're shipping to the US and then we sell it direct to consumer right now, users use them, it comes back to us, we consolidate it and once we have enough of them we send them to our recycle partner.
Investor question: What's the cost of recycling?
Luke: So right now, we're paying roughly a dollar per item to have it recycled. However, once we get to a quantity of shipments of 10,000 pounds and above, we'll probably start to get paid enough for that material that it'll offset just shipping it to the recycler, and then once we're really shifting at scale, we can start charging for the material. And, for example, like a lot of our shower liners are made into things like shoe soles, or gym equipment or other plastic durables.
Luke: So first of all, our products are made of two parts: a part you keep and a part you replenish. So the top third is an organic cotton, because that part doesn't actually get dirty. You're just changing the bottom two thirds Our initial set is a - including shipping is $55. the part that you're replenishing for a shower curtain is $25. That is how much our customers care about sustainability and health and wellness.
Luke: Yes, you're right. We're never gonna win on price. That's not our USP.
Luke: Our products are nontoxic. They're much more premium. One of the things we found with our customers is that they actually hated hanging the shower liner like on the hoops. So ours is magnetized. It's actually a really nice experience taking it off and back on. It's a bit like when you -
Luke: - close your air pod case. You know that nice soft -
Luke: So just making that experience, like I said, much more frictionless for our users.
Investor question: How many customers do you have right now?
Luke: Right now, we have three and a half thousand subscribers and we've sold 5000 units.
Investor question: How many of those have been recycled?
Luke: So it's an ongoing process -
Luke: - which we track. So our trailing full participation in responsible replenishment, we call it, is 88%. Part of our brand promise is that we never want to oversell you something. So when you actually buy from us, you go through a configurator on our site, and it establishes a recommended subscription rate, so whether you should get your shower liner every three, six or nine months. And ongoingly, we'll be designing our products so they fit into these quarterly increments. Essentially imagine a time where you get an Outlines box every quarter and it has everything you need to refresh and replenish your home so.
Luke: Yeah. So some things you might get like in a pack of three, like sponges, or whatever that might be. And that's just kind of how we see that growing.
Luke: yeah.
Investor question: Why would I go back to plastic?
Luke: Yeah. The material you're talking about isn't - it's not cloth. It's a polyester. It's covered in what's called a DWR - a durable water resistant, which is made PFA, which is a highly carcinogenic forever chemical. And when you stand next to it in the shower, the hot water encourages those PFAs to go into your bathroom air and you breathe them in. But when you -
Investor question: So you're telling me I'm gonna get cancer?
Luke: But when you wash that product, it releases micro plastics into the washing machine that municipal water plants simply cannot get out. And that polyester shower liner will live in landfill just as long as a plastic shower liner. Before we launched this, we did a ton of research, and we found a lot of negative customer sentiment towards those fabric ones. So there is a significant market of people who do prefer, like, the actual plastic and that's the problem we're addressing right now. That’s what we’re driving into.
Investor question: How are you approaching this D2C market, given that it's not the most favorable environment to be D2C?
Luke: I started in D2C in like 2013 when it was like the golden era of D2C, and I'm still quite bullish on D2C, I've got to say, because I think if you're a good marketer and you get that diversification of marketing channels right, for a subscription-based business, you can build a really good business in D2C. We have a very competitive CAC. In fact, post the iOS update, our CAC actually reduced, and it's continued to stay stable this year. So we're still first-purchase profitable. I strongly believe in like in these early days building that initial strategic asset of subscribers, direct to consumer is the best approach for us.
Investor question: How are you acquiring customers?
Luke: Well, we do the typical things through paid social. Because you do have a lot of, like, what I kind of call curious customers who are searching for like better for the environment shower liner or non-toxic shower liner. And iff we can intercept that user journey away from Target or Bed, Bath and Beyond, we can actually - I think our CAC on paid search right now is under $17, which is great. And like it's showing the strength of our digital. And then the other thing is, customers really care about recommendations and endorsements. So they're looking at like the top ten shower liners, the top ten this. So we're the number one shower liner across like Strategist or Wire Cutter. And then leveraging affiliate off of that.
Luke: Thanks
Investor question: Can I back up and ask - why are you doing this?
Luke: So I came from a background of consumer goods products, and I supplied into Target and Best Buy and all these big retailers. And, you know, I believed in this businesses I was working for, but if you ever see the physical amount of product it takes to stock a Target, you would be surprised. Every plastic thing you've ever used, they live for like 450 years. And it's a myth that they're being recycled. And I remember growing this venture-backed business with, you know, with the founding team and just looking at that and just really feeling it. Just being like, this is - this is scary. Like, where’s all this stuff gonna go?
Luke: I believe, at the heart of a business, we are a replenishment business. imagine like all the stuff in your house that requires replacing, whether it's that annoying filter in your fridge freezer machine, or the filters in your HVAC system, or like in automobile, there's a ton of stuff. And then when you do replace these things, they're big. Putting them in the trash, I mean, for me, and I imagine a lot of other people, feel somewhat guilty or guilt-ridden -
Luke: So I wonder, and what we're looking at is like, yes, Outlines is kind of carving out its wedge in home essentials, but what we're really excited about is beginning to introduce third party product, because we do such a good job of shipping to and taking back and recycling, and we know that our customers love subscribing from us. So I think Outlines should be like the destination for replenishables. A bit like the way Wholefoods was the destination for believable organic produce.
