Investor question: What happened to you?
Kristine: I'm Kristine. It's so nice to meet you.
Kristine: Okay. Hi.
Kristine: It's so nice to meet you.
Kristine: Hi everyone. I'm Kristine Locker, I'm the founder of Locker, and I'm excited to be here today to share more about why I left my successful career in real estate to build the future of ecommerce and social shopping. So as y'all know, the way that we shop and consume content has fundamentally shifted. Inspiration can strike at any time Maybe you saw a link two weeks ago, now you can't remember who sent it to you or you took a screenshot on your phone and now that screenshot's lost on your camera roll. So our consumer journeys have become incredibly fragmented, not to mention the abandoned carts and the billions in lost revenue for the brands involved. So Locker's productizing these unmet needs for both consumers and brands. Locker started as a Chrome extension, and we quickly expanded into a mobile app where users can save and organize their favorites anywhere that they shop online. There's an element of curation to the platform, so users can browse the discover feed, and they can also follow other users on the platform to get inspired by what they're shopping for. So Locker is equal parts utility, curation and community. Our 40,000 users have organically saved over one million products to the platform, and so we are raising $3 million to invest in the people and the product that will continue to capture the $1 trillion online shopping market. Thank you.
Investor question: How do you make money?
Kristine: Okay. So we monetize two different ways right now.
Kristine: The first being affiliate revenue and the second being direct brand partnerships. So we turned on monetization three months ago. And in those last three months we've generated 300k in GMV
Kristine: Mhm. the Chrome extension, how it works um on desktop is locating keywords on pages that have 'add to bag' or 'add to cart' and so it doesn't pop up on any different image or page on the internet. Locker's technology only identifies the product detail images, which guarantees that anything that's saved on the platform is 100% shoppable product.
Kristine: If I could've used Pinterest, I wouldn't be here today.
Kristine: Pinterest, because its core focus is inspiration, so if I go to my Pinterest home feed, I'm getting married in two weeks, so I see getaway cars and cakes and all these different wedding inspiration. But none of it is shoppable or it's intermittently shoppable. And so if you go into Pinterest, let's say you saw a picture of a woman in a dress that you were like, I like that, and you click on it. It might take you to a blog post from 2010 and you can't get to that dress because not everything on Pinterest is shoppable. There's a lot of - users can upload any picture they want to Pinterest.
Kristine: We are 100% shoppable.
Kristine: 100% shoppable.
Kristine: You can buy it.
Kristine: Brand website.
Kristine: They've tried. Pinterest has tried to have a shop tab. But Pinterest allows brands to upload their data feeds, so it's much more brand driven when you go to the shop tab on Pinterest, it's Nike putting a product in front of me, or Madewell putting a product in front of me. And so it doesn't have that element of what is my best friend shopping for?
Kristine: They love us.
Kristine: Brands love us.
Kristine: Yeah. Let's say, Essence has a dress and Nordstrom sells the same dress, how do they get in front of that? And so with this raise, the discover feed will become a place where brands can put paid placement in front of their target consumer.
Kristine: Yeah. So people do call us the Pinterest for online shopping. It's the easiest way that our users relate to us as well. And I don't feel negatively about that at all. Our go to market strategy at the very beginning, since I was bootstrapping, we used influencer marketing One of our go to market strategies for post-raise is to democratize influence. So platforms like LTK, Shop My, have gatekept who gets to be an influencer and curate and earn off of their recommendations. And so if I can curate a collection and share it with my family or my friends and somebody buys it and I make $5, that's incredible. And so in September is our timeline for turning on democratized affiliate.
Investor question: And who is this shopper? Is it a Gen Z out of college Is it an older millennial professional? Who are we talking about?
Kristine: Our core group is 18 to 27. We skew 95% female. And our secondary group is 28 to 34.
Investor question: How long you been at this? And what's your revenue look like?
Kristine: Yeah. So we started building the platform in March of 2020. I started as a solo founder, and I used independent contractors to build the initial version of the platform. So I put 250,000 of my own money into the company to get it to our first 10,000 users. Then I raised a million from an angel investor who was a user of the platform in June of 2022. And then I was able to hire my first full time employee, who is an engineer. Revenue, we turned on revenue three months ago. In the first month of turning on revenue, we generated 9k. In the second month, it was 11. And in the last month, it was 13k.
Investor question: Do you have anything you can share in terms of engagement from the Chrome app?
Kristine: Yeah. So we have 2000 daily active users. We're at 11,000 monthly active users. And of those users, the engagement we know is that they come to the platform and spend an average of 30 minutes a day, whether they're browsing the discover feed, their own profile, or other shoppers' profiles. The app doesn't launch until Monday the 12th, so we've got just a half a week left until we can start doing some cohort testing and analysis on the app.
Investor question: Does anyone know if that ratio is a good ratio?
Kristine: Um, to be honest - I don't know.
Kristine: To buying.
Kristine: He's a founding engineer. I'm a solo founder. And then I have a director of growth. So it's just the three of us.
Investor question: Where's the director of growth from?
Kristine: She lives in New York. She's moving to LA next week.
Kristine: Oh sorry!
Kristine: Oh yeah. Sorry. She came over from a company called Nate. So Nate was our key competitor in this space. They started in 2018 as a way that you could pay $1 transaction fee to check out and not have to put your information in. They raised over $50 million and closed their doors January of this year and laid off their entire team.
Investor question: So what did you learn from that?
Kristine: I learned a lot from Nate. Nate spent a lot of money to acquire their customers. You could create an account on the app and you got $50. So they got a lot of users, because why wouldn't you sign up -
Investor question: Why would you not?
Kristine: - to get $50.
Kristine: So the strategy wasn't built community-first. It was let's go pay a bunch of people to download the app and the conversion wasn't taking place. Nate also required you to check out on the app and you could only buy one product at a time. If you wanna buy a swimsuit and it's two pieces, you have to buy the top and pay shipping on the top and then you have to buy the bottom.
Investor question: Who would invest in a company like that?
Kristine: He sold a big dream of like this technology is incredible.
Kristine: So our goal with Locker is to be the destination that when you think about shopping, it's the place you go first. Whether you already have an idea of what you want or you don't know what you want, you come to Locker and that's your destination. Like you said with Pinterest - if I need inspiration for something, if I'm decorating my house, that's the first place I go. If I'm saving a recipe, that's the first place I go. We want Locker to come to the front of their minds. I think democratizing the platform is gonna be incredible for our retention, our consumers, our acquisition, and the platform will then really encompass an entire consumer's psychology and needs, and that's our goal, is to be that destination for them.
Kristine: Mhm.
Investor question: Do you have any commitments on the round? Do you have a lead investor? Have you set terms?
Kristine: We just started the round. So we don't have any capital committed. Given the state of the market, I am not setting terms. I am going to let the market tell us what the terms are.
Investor question: Why'd you pick $3 million to raise right now?
Kristine: It was what we need plus 50%, because that was kind of what was advised to us given the state of the market.
Kristine: I'm completely open to doing something like that. I think, in terms of being a founder and worry of the market, it was if you can raise 3 -
Kristine: - kind of like, buck up and then you can keep building, and you don't have that stress of - what's the market gonna be in six months but I respect that.
Kristine: They're very different things.
