Amanda: I wanted to do like Uber for waste management.
Amanda: Yeah, it was very smelly.
Amanda: So we're going to be paying well above union rates essentially for this...
Amanda: Thanks for waiting for me. I'm from New York and I'm accustomed to everything happening in like the third of the time. Of getting around here. So thank you.
Amanda: So my name's Amanda. I'm the co-founder of Industrial Organic. What do you think is the single largest component of landfills? Do you think it's plastic? Do you think it's paper? Because it's actually food. Food is the single largest component of landfills. It's about 21%. Uh cities, don't have the infrastructure, don't have the ability to handle an increase in organic waste diversion...
Amanda: So Industrial Organic has adapted commercial food processing technology to handle food waste in an indoor industrial setting without mesh - methane emissions and much lower odor than other methods. We're raising a million seed round right now. We have about half of that in the bank.
Amanda: Who was Brooklyn Bridge Ventures, if you know him?
Investor question: How much did he put in?
Amanda: He put in 350.
Investor question: What's your background?
Amanda: Well, I don't know if it's that interesting.
Amanda: So I grew up in Staten Island near the biggest landfill in the world, that could be seen from space.
Amanda: Yeah, it was very smelly. it was a huge part of my childhood, like going to ballet class or going to friends' birthday parties, and like, hold your nose everybody we're going past the landfill. But I thought it was totally normal and like everyone did that.
Amanda: And so around the same time people started becoming more interested in where their food was coming from. And I was thinking, you know, what's something that everyone's always going to need: food. Then was attracted to the waste aspect of that.
Amanda: And initially wanted to start a collection service. I wanted to do like Uber for waste management. And then just started networking in the space, and researching, and talking to people. And realized that the bottleneck is really in the processing capacity.
Amanda: So I just started experimenting and researching and reading about different methods that were out there. And stumbled upon an obscure method of fermentation that’s popular with homesteaders. You just put food waste in a bucket, sprinkle some stuff on it, and let it sit for two weeks and then you bury it in the ground. And I thought, what if you could scale that up and mechanize it and run it kind of like a brewery. So then I went around New York City and visited every brewery and winery and distillery and picked their brains...
Investor question: What is your process?
Amanda: Yeah. So food waste comes in, it gets sorted. So any sort of plastic bottles or anything else that got in gets pulled out. It's shredded to about a particle size of about an inch, And then it gets inoculated and put in a holding tank for 24 hours. In that time, the food waste starts to release a lot of water. And then we grind that down into a slurry.
Amanda: The material is mechanically pressed using technology similar to what you'd see in a cold juice operation. Then pelletized, and then finally heat dried. In the end we make a fertilizer in a pelletized form.
Amanda: That’s six months old.
Amanda: We sell the fertilizer…
Amanda: Yeah, that's the end product.
Investor question: What's the closest competitor of the technology?
Amanda: Anaerobic digestion. Some of you may know, it's basically large silos of food waste in an anaerobic environment where they are harvesting the methane and using it for energy. It's really expensive. And hard to scale. The yields aren't great. You need 30 days to collect the methane, and then there's a sludge left over that also needs to be composted. Two months. Our process takes five days, I don’t know if I mentioned that.
Investor question: Who’s your first customer?
Amanda: Sure. So we'll be working with the restaurants and food processors in New York City. One of the customers that we have signed up is a company called Dig In. They are a pretty popular chain in New York. It's like farm to table fast food. We're going to start our collecting from their commissary, and then collecting from their locations. We've also lined up Momofuku. They're another restaurant group in New York. Don't know if you've familiar with them.
Investor question: What - What's in it for them?
Amanda: So... First of all, they already pay for waste collection. And so we give them a better service. We offer bin swaps, meaning we take their whole bin and we bring them a clean bin every time we collect.
Amanda: Which is a huge pain point for them.
Investor question: What's your revenue model?
Amanda: So our revenue model is we earn money from waste processing fees. They leave the waste behind and they pay by weight.
Investor question: What's the average load? How many tons?
Amanda: So our first facility will do one ton per day when we launch in February.
Amanda: And then by September we will have scaled to 18 tons per day.
Amanda: Our price will be $75. The price in the New York area right now is $115.
Investor question: So you have a better price? You have a better price?
Amanda: We have a better price further down the chain.
Amanda: They're not saving money. They're getting a better service, they're getting marketing and PR opportunities from knowing that their waste is going to a farm that they've sourced from.
Investor question: You making money from that?
Amanda: Yes, we are. It's pretty small percent at this point of the total revenue.
Investor question: How much is it costing you just to pick up this stuff?
Amanda: So we're not going to use garbage trucks. We're going to get cargo vans. Because we're doing bin swaps, so we're just going to take the whole bin. So that cuts down significantly on the cost of vehicles, the cost of gas, the cost of getting around.
Investor question: Is there a way that you can partner with an existing provider and just process this stuff, and Momofuku could pay the existing provider something?
Amanda: So that's our long-term model. Um we'll switch over to working with other haulers.
Amanda: Yeah. It's like a beta.
Investor question: What do you think your burn is going to be?
Amanda: Um, in the next year... I think it's about $60,000 a month. I mean, we're going to be growing all through this year, and hiring people and adding capacity. So it's hard to pinpoint down one number.
Investor question: what does it represent?
Amanda: No, no. that $60,000 is a number from like the average of the next year of scaling up.
Investor question: How many people are at the plant?
Amanda: So over the next year, we'll be hiring about ten to fifteen people.
Amanda: Yeah. No we're not. So a lot of that is…
Amanda: We're going to be paying people well above, we're going to be paying... The lowest wage is $20 an hour. So we're going to be paying well above union rates essentially for this...
Investor question: Why?
Amanda: Sorry?
Investor question: Why?
Amanda: Because we want to be responsible. We want to treat people well.
Investor question: So how many people are we treating well?
Amanda: It's ten to fifteen.
Amanda: So there are some roles that we won't be hiring until the next raise. So like my co-founder and I are going to handle sales. Basically everyone, myself included, we're all going to get commercial drivers’ licenses.
Investor question: What am I missing here?
Amanda: I’m pulling out basically an average of what our costs, our monthly cost is going to be next year. It's going to go up. So obviously, by the end of next year our operating costs will probably be more in the $150,000 range.. um…
Amanda: it's probably what we'll do if I don't raise the whole million,
Investor question: That's what you're doing?
Amanda: Yeah. Because we're scaling it up over time.
Investor question: It's a whole realm you haven't even touched on, right?
