Margot: Hi.
Margot: I’m Margot. Nice to meet you. .
Margot: So can we get started here?
Margot: So, let’s see. so I went to business school at Michigan, I went to work for Apple. And I was on the worldwide developer relations team. I left because I really wanted more visibility into what was going on at the company, and I knew that wasn't going to happen at Apple. So I went to an early stage startup called Coveroo. we did some really fun stuff there and realized that I love the fast pace of startup life. Like I just love the challenge, I love the new problems.
Margot: And I actually had two kids at the time, and I thought that I would be done. Like I'd be tired and I'd be not wanting that. But it was the opposite. I was like, no, I want more.
Margot: The company name is Hostfully. My cofounder, it was my cofounder's idea, he's an Airbnb super host, he lives in San Francisco So we started out with the idea that one of the biggest stress points when you're a traveler is like how do I get to where I need to go when I go there? Where's the grocery store? Where's the coffee shop? How do I make sure that I enjoy the local things that are going to make this stay really special? But we went to the Airbnb host conference a few months later to validate this idea. And we built a prototype, and it was an iPhone app, and we said if you had a guidebook that you could send to your guests, a digital guidebook like this, would you pay for it? And we interviewed 200 people and 197 of them said yes. So we were like, wow, there is something here.
Margot: This is the really exciting thing that just happened, we merged with another company in our space.
Investor question: Who?
Margot: It's called Orbirental. Orbirental had a very feature rich platform solution. And Stefan, the CEO/CTO or Orbirental, We had been integrated with him for over a year. Our products had been integrated. So we popped the question around July or August of last year. I can't remember the date, actually. It was at a coffee shop, and it felt very much like dating, because I was like, hey, what do you think about a more serious relationship? And he was like, yeah, I'll think about it. And then he came right back within two days and he said, I'm really excited about it. I would love for you to be the CEO. I need a team, you guys are an awesome team, I've loved working with you, let's do it. So we just did that about three weeks ago. And our revenue went from 11,000 to now 25,000 monthly revenue.
Margot: it is a platform for vacation rental companies - not Airbnb hosts - like, companies that manage multiple properties to manage their business. And what I mean by that is it helps them take multiple properties and put them on different bookings platforms. We put them on Airbnb, VRBO, Homeaway, Booking.com, TripAdvisor. And then we also help them with streamlining the operations of their business.
Investor question: What's the interface like though for the property manager?
Margot: So the interface, it's like a SAAS product. They log in, they get a pipeline of the incoming reservations that they can see. They can assign it out to their team members, they can book those reservations within the tool. They can also integrate with a lot of third party solutions. And so when the booking is made we say, hey, there’s these automatic guest communications that need to go out so that the guest knows how to reach the property, how to actually get into the property. All those things that actually are kind of stressful for vacation rental travelers.
Investor question: How are you marketing?
Margot: So our marketing is primarily content marketing. Our number one growth source is actually referrals. Which is awesome. We developed a white paper last year on hospitality and vacation rentals, and we branded it, and my cofounder and I did it in like three weeks. And we've gotten 700 leads out of it. So we're very good at creatively doing that. It's actually prevented us from investing too much in paid marketing channels, which I'm totally fine with, because I think for this B2B niche solution it's so hard to target effectively.
Investor question: What’s your view on barriers to entry?
Margot: Yeah. There’s definitely the first mover advantage, which is what you’re talking about, where if we get in we’re super sticky.
Investor question: And you see that in the churn numbers?
Margot: Well, on the Hostfully side, the churn is zero. The original Hostfully. There are two companies, right. On the Hostfully side the churn is zero. On the Orbirental, the churn is... It's not low. It's actually, we have a lot of inbound customers that are coming in with the APIs are a little bit funky, they leave. But we still have a lot of growth in that business.
Margot: Um... It's probably 30% right now.
Margot: Yeah.
Margot: I'm not happy about that, that's why I...
Margot: And I sighed, because this is a business we inherited and we’re working on. So I know we can improve that.
Investor question: What is your burn?
Margot: What is our burn? Oh... Sorry, I just have to think for a second because we just merged. So I want to make sure to give you the right number. Our burn is around 25. And our revenue is around 25. So we're basically break even.
Margot: We're within a month or two of break even.
Investor question: So you’re not burning money?
Margot: No.
Investor question: What is reality?
Margot: I’m so glad you asked this question.
Investor question: And how does that change over time?
Margot: So okay. If you have a pie chart, Airbnb has 4% of the market, Homeaway has 11%. The rest of one half of it is online. Other online providers.
Investor question: What?
Margot: The rest is offline. This is in 2015, so the data is a little bit old.
Margot: This is a Piper Jaffray report. I can show you the slide. I have it in my bag.
Margot: It's changed. But Airbnb hasn't, they haven't even doubled their business since then. t's still just, it's a cottage industry. It's been neglected by technology for a really long time. And Airbnb, thankfully, has pushed all this forward. And the reason why they've pushed it forward is consumers now are demanding hotel like responsiveness when it comes to price and when it comes to time to book.
Investor question: So when you think about your target market of managers of 50 to 100 properties, that's sort of your sweet spot, how large a market is that?
Margot: There are about 100,000 of these companies in the world. And they spend about a quarter of a million dollars every year on software. So it's a $25 billion market.
Investor question: How much are you raising?
Margot: We are raising... We’re just starting to raise a seed round, $2 million, it’s a convertible note with a $10 million cap.
Investor question: How’d you come to a $10 million cap when you’re doing 25,000 a month in revenue?
Margot: Um... Okay. Well the 10 million cap comes from two things. One is we raised before, when we had about 3000 in revenue on a $5 million cap. And we were one company. And now we’ve doubled the company in terms of the value proposition. Probably more than that, in terms of the value proposition. But certainly the revenue has grown 10x since then. So I felt like a 10 million cap was a reasonable amount to raise right now. And I haven’t had any questions about that yet. What do you feel about it?
Investor question: So what would you do? Would you do flat to the last cap?
Investor question: Would you do flat to the last cap?
Margot: Another $5 million round? A cap at five? No.
Margot: Yeah, see... The goalposts are moving and it’s really hard for me to know To be honest with you...
Margot: Okay.
Margot: I don't think I'd take anything less than 7.
Investor question: What's your ambition as a founder? What does success look like for you here? What are you trying to build?
Margot: I want to build a big company that makes our customers really happy and makes a lot of money. I... I don't like to put numbers around it, because I think it's early days about what that looks like, but my goal is to reach as many property management companies in the world as I can with the best solution. My other goals with this startup were, I want to see what it's like for me to make the decisions once in a while. I've worked for other people and I'm like, I think I can do this. And so now I'm doing it and it's going really well. And I see that continuing. My goals with the company are to build a great team that I love to work with. I want to have a great product that our customers love to use. And I want to contribute to value in the world. And I think startups are kind of magical in that they can create something out of nothing, and I see that we've done that for some of our clients already and I just want to continue with it.
Margot: Thanks.
Margot: I totally agree.
Investor question: Because they don’t have a choice, right?
Margot: And you just don’t have the energy to spin out over something at work. You get into a conflict at work, you resolve it and you move on. Because it’s like, you gotta work. And you’re not going to think about it at 9pm at night because you got to put your kids to bed.
Margot: It’s actually... I considered that an advantage of having children. Because it balances you in that way. And it’s sort of an unspoken thing. I remember being young and single and not being married and not having kids, and having all this time to spin about what happened at work and what should I do differently. And it’s not very productive.
Margot: Like what kind of a crazy person are you?
Margot: Yes.
Margot: Okay.
Investor question: So why don’t we take those next steps?
Margot: Okay. Awesome. Thank you.
Margot: Okay
Margot: Oh you do!
Margot: My team is really great.
