Anthony: I want to talk about the estimated 450 million athletes around the world. as many as 10% of those athletes - ten! - will suffer sports-related concussion at any given season.
Anthony: Thank you.
Anthony: All right, well I'm going to get started here. I'm Anthony with Force Impact Technologies.
Anthony: Force Impact Technologies. And we've created the FIT Platform. Our goal was to identify, document and reduce the amount of traumatic brain injuries in sports. Ever since I was a young kid, I've been involved in every level of sport. All the way up into college where I played rugby at Arizona State. Go Devils.
Investor question: What is your background?
Anthony: I have an MBA in supply chain and logistics. I worked for Avnet Electronics, which is the world's largest distributor of components. That's where I got all my hands on all this fun stuff.
Investor question: Where are you guys based?
Anthony: I'm personally in Los Angeles. My co-founder is in Phoenix. He's phenomenal. We've been at this for four and a half years. We’re not a new startup, we’ve spent a lot of time thinking about this. And making sure our execution strategy is optimally...strategized.
Anthony: I'm sorry, three and a half years.
Investor question: Is it a timing issue do you think?
Anthony: It's really hard to create something tangible when you don't have any money. I don't know how to explain it. It's an iterative process. Raise money, be frugal. We've gone through two accelerator programs.
Investor question: How much have you raised to date?
Anthony: I'm coming in today with $250,000 committed to this round. We're currently raising an additional $500,000 to make it a total of $750,000,we're really looking for more than an investor. We want someone who is going to meet with us, go to our wedding, be our friends.
Anthony: Gotta hang out with us. Like, we know we're going to be married to these people. And so I'm here to date you guys. I want to learn about you, you guys want to learn about me. But we're really looking to selectively and strategically bring on people who we can work with for the next future.
Anthony: Right. I couldn't agree more.
Anthony: But I’m not here to talk about me. I want to talk about the estimated 450 million athletes around the world. The Centre for Disease Control estimates that as many as 10% of those athletes - ten! - will suffer sports-related concussion at any given season. A staggering 47% of those athletes, nearly half of them who are concussed will not self-report or self-diagnose any symptoms. That means every single year, millions upon millions of individuals are remaining on the field with an unidentified or undocumented head injury. The FIT team set out to change that.
Anthony: our intelligent mouthguard, which seamlessly integrated into a standard mouth guard. This mouthguard is worn by the athlete If they are hit with a significant amount of force, this mouth guard will light up and change colors.
Investor question: Have you seen the movie?
Anthony: And anything that's even not a contact sport. Horseback riding. Parajumping.
Anthony: Dr Camarillo, very familiar.
Anthony: Nope. So first of all you made a lot of assumptions that would be great in ideal situation. someone will see that. That is a very broad assumption. When you're a volunteer football coach and you're responsible for a hundred kids that are bashing their skulls into each other two hours a day, seven days a week, statistically you will miss something. And that's what we're trying to do.
Anthony: This is a mass market high volume product. that anyone can afford and anyone can implement.
Anthony: I would disagree. Because second impact syndrome is a fatal condition, in which you remain on the field with an unidentified injury, you receive a similar injury, and your brain stops working. So empirically, if we stop the second injury from happening because we got em out as soon as the first injury happened, then they are safer.
Anthony: I played rugby. There's no helmets in rugby.
Investor question: The data says that helmets have made things worse, right?
Anthony: Helmets reduce skull force, not cranial acceleration.
Investor question: And it makes people reckless, right?
Anthony: It does. Moral chaos. You're more risky because you feel protected.
Anthony: Stop hitting your head against things that are hard, is the root of the problem.
Investor question: Will you show us the mobile app and what does it do?
Anthony: Of course. I'll pass this around.
Anthony: So it's going to sync it up. You're going to download it. First your mouth guard is going to change colors if it was a significant amount of force.
Investor question: Where is it coming?
Anthony: The cranial acceleration. So how fast is the head moving in a frame of space. From the mouth guard. So what's actually measuring it. Being inside of the skull means we are physically closer, we have a better retention and coupling to the skull, so our data is just highly correlated to what the brain actually felt.
Anthony: I do want to clarify. So in theory that's correct, but we do not do live data transmission. Our data uses the Bluetooth protocol which has a range limitation and so that's why we have the on-device notification. So the mouth guard changes colors, come over, sync to the app, it'll sync up when you're within ten meters.
Investor question: Why don't you make it vibrate?
Anthony: I'm an athlete myself, and it's very hard for someone to pull themselves out of the game. So we come into someone who has authority and says, this is our league protocol.
Anthony: No, no. The mouth guard will light up. And it will stay lit until it's synced back…
Investor question: It stays lit until you sync it back with the base station?
Anthony: Until you sync it. There's no way to hide this. You can't take your mouth guard out. Mouthguards required. In football, when I played football, every single play a ref would go around to every single kid and look at them to make sure their mouth guard was in. This was ten years ago. So I'm assuming, if they're going through that protocol, they're just checking for red lights. I mean, it’s pretty obvious if someone’s mouth is glowing red.
Investor question: Is there something to turn it on?
Anthony: This is our prototype model, it doesn't work right now.
Anthony: yeah but we’ll get to that soon enough.
Anthony: It's cheap. Initially, they're $129 to capture those early adopters. As we start to scale up, those definitely are going to come below $100.
Anthony: Yeah.
Anthony: The executives in that organization. The people who make the decision with that league, because they have the most leave.
Anthony: We are business to business. Yes.
Anthony: That's really our marketing strategy.
Anthony: Ah. So the parents will do whatever the schools tell them to. The consumer is actually going to be the person purchasing this, but we know the decision of who and what to buy comes from a higher authority and the parents just listen to the coach.
Anthony: We're focusing on kids. Safety is more important than winning. We're not talking about professionals or D1.
Anthony: there's always friction when you have change.
Anthony: Culturally, it's coming up perfectly to our timing to enter the market where I think we're well fit with people's willingness to accept: one, wearables; two, electronics on their body; and, three, about concussions being a serious problem. And it's okay to be hurt. You're not demoralized, you're not weak. It's not your fault that you got possibly concussed. And we really are starting to see a shift in that mentality and acceptance.
Anthony: That's one of our strategies. That's a long-term play, is the leagues. Obviously, initially, we have early adopters, we have people who want to buy this. There's already kids who are saying this is cool, I want this. If you guys are worried about market validation, during due diligence I would be happy to show you our validation, our studies, our surveys.
Investor question: How far along are you now?
Anthony: We're doing some validation testing with Arizona State University coached by Olympic medalist Zeke Jones, who also coaches the USA freestyle team.
Investor question: How much are they paying?
Anthony: They paid like $7000 for about twenty units, because they were research grade. We're researching with the government of Japan and their Judo, they've recently mandated Judo as a requirement for high school sports, so they want to validate the riskiness of that.
Anthony: No. These are active letter of intent research programs that are ready.
Investor question: So no contracts yet, right?
Anthony: Here's the good news. I've already sold 5000 of them. They haven't paid for them. These are all letters of intent contingent on successful validation. That's through our beta test program, we're going to be launching first quarter 2017. We are going to be distributing in Ireland, France, Australia, Canada and New Zealand.
Anthony: They'll be ready in two weeks. It's not... Timing's a little off.
Anthony: You can go to ASU wrestling practice, we're going to be there all season. So stop by anytime.
Investor question: He's a germaphobe, don't you remember?
Anthony: So do I go?
Anthony: We filmed a live demo in London with the English national rugby team. It's about a five-minute video clip. It did work, it just broke. I'm not trying to excuse that. So we have video footage. Flew to London, BBC studio, filmed it all out there.
Anthony: It was the charging mechanism. No excuses. Understood.
Anthony: Thank you.
Anthony: Right. Well, in the long term we have those things in the pipeline the permutations to make money are out there. And there's money to be spent on sports. So we're looking to capture it.
Anthony: Okay.
Anthony: Okay. Cool.
Anthony: Thank you.
Anthony: Thank you.
