Ben: Yeah. Let’s do it. So I flew to New York City from Toronto.
Ben: Thank you . For my seventh time this morning. And I know that, because I pulled up all past flight tickets and I looked at the prices. They ranged from 212 all the way up to 600 dollars. Which didn’t surprise me and probably doesn’t surprise a lot of you. We could go through that same exercise with hotel stays, tickets to sporting events, now taxis. And that’s because all of these industries use the most basic law of economics; supply and demand, to determine price.
Ben: But I actually want to pick on for a second. Do you have a favorite lunch spot?
Ben: Okay. And do you have a go to menu item?
Ben: And how much does it cost?
Ben: Okay. And so that price, $14 stays the same all of the time. And that’s because the restaurant industry uses static pricing. They’ve never had the opportunity to really change prices like some of these other industries, because transactions happen in an offline environment. Think about how difficult it would be to be constantly printing out new menus and changing menu boards. But right now, the restaurant industry is going through a technological revolution. And we believe it has opened the door for us to be able to take some of these pricing techniques of these other industries, and apply it to the restaurant industry for the first time.
Ben: And what we’re doing is changing that So my name is Ben Walters, CEO and co-founder of Feedback And we’re here raising $800,000 in order to repurpose the pricing technology that we have both developed and tested through a mobile marketplace, in order to allow restaurateurs to apply it to their existing channels. So for the first time, restaurants will be able to both test, configure, and modulate prices in order to improve their profitability as well as reduce the food waste that they are generating right now.
Investor question: So is it dynamic pricing? Does it change in real time?
Ben: Yeah, so what we’ve done over the last 13 months, is we have a mobile marketplace. We’ve generated $350,000 in off-peak sales. And sold 22,000 meals that were going to end up in landfill. And we’ve done that by changing the price based on demand and inventory levels at restaurants
Investor question: And do you, have you looked yet at consumer, the end consumer behavior?
Ben: Yeah.
Investor question: do you have any early learnings about what those reactions are like?
Ben: Yeah. So we have for the last 13 months been selling through a mobile marketplace. We connect 300 restaurants with all of these different consumers and we have been able to see how those things go. Because it is quite a disruption. But we believe that dynamic pricing is intuitive to people because it is based on economics, which is how prices are supposed to be set
Ben: Yeah. I can show you what the app looks like.
Ben: And then I’m happy to send you all the mock ups for... Can I just walk over there? Walk over to you guys?
Ben: So here is just like one of the restaurants so let’s just look at the full menu
Ben: Right now, so there's a pivot happening right now. We are right now a marketplace. But what’s happened is, we started speaking with mom and pop shops, worked great. We then went up to franchise owners. We’re now working with 300 restaurants in Toronto. But as we got to head offices, the conversation changed. And they made two things very clear. One, is that there’s app fatigue. Restaurants are sick right now of having another app. The seamless and UberEats of the world but what they said to us is they love what we’re doing with price. And what they’ve asked us to do is repurpose the technology that we built in order to allow them to apply it to their current models. What that will allow them to do is better compete with all of these other third party apps that are taking a large commission from these restaurants. Not only do the unit economics make sense, they also now own that customer. They know who the customer is. They can re-target that customer There's so much value in these restaurants actually owning the customers through their own channels. Because they're getting their lunch eaten, at the end of the day
Investor question: Can you walk us through a real case example of someone in Toronto who is using this? And how much money would you make out of this?
Ben: Yeah, sure. So one of the restaurant brands that we work with, we were able to tell them that they could get another 49 cents for a combo upgrade and that customers were not going to notice the difference. And so the reason that there’s so important, it sounds like 49 cents, what does that mean? We probably wouldn’t notice. But let’s go through the unit economics they’re making 31 cents on average on a $10 menu item.
Ben: So what does that mean? If we can increase the price by 3% to $10.30, that 30 cents drops to their bottom line, they have doubled their profit margin from a 3% increase in price. And so that 49 cents had in the tens of thousands of dollars of value to this restaurant over the course of, I think it’s quarterly that we were looking at it. And we’re charging for this SAAS product right now $99 a month. Of course we’re going to have to find a way to capture more value.
Ben: Correct.
Ben: Yes
Investor question: So do you integrate with their POS?
Ben: So our first integration is actually going to be with a white label app company that’s already built the point of sale integration. It’s the perfect sort of first step. Because what this company does is they build apps for restaurants as well as online ordering portals. We’re actually layering on top of that app and that way we can ingest all point of sale data, which of course is very valuable to us and it allows us to actually allow them to set rules and parameters up. Like, say, hey if we’re below our $4000 sales target between 3 and 4, we’re willing to offer a 15% extra discount to customers
Investor question: Is that a signed deal?
Ben: Yes.
Investor question: And what are they doing for you?
Ben: So what this white label app company does is they build restaurant branded apps as well as online ordering portals for restaurants. They integrate with 12 different point of sale companies, which is why it was such a great first partner for us and it's a win win win for everyone, because clients...
Investor question: What happens to your gross margin, though, between that white label, that $99, how much do you get and how does it work?
Ben: The white label app company actually sees this as adding a lot of value and stickiness to their clients that they don't even want anything from this deal. They're not looking for anything.
Investor question: So they just pass through $99 to you?
Ben: Correct. The opportunity of this first integration is about 1.4 million if we convert the clients that are using this white label app company that has taken our product and integrated it with their product.
Investor question: And how many clients would that be?
Ben: That's 1200 clients
Investor question: And you’re just starting to charge the $99?
Ben: Correct.
Ben: $65,000 is what I’ve modeled out for our forecasting.
Ben: In 12 months from now. Yes
Ben: Per location? But still. Yes.
Investor question: How’d you come up with that pricing?
Ben: So that’s from sitting down with our restaurant partners right now. The beautiful part about this, is this is coming from the restaurants. We’re working with all these restaurants right now, they’re asking us for this product. And so they’re the ones, when we talked about price point, we felt like $99 was a good starting point. As soon as we can really demonstrate the value and show them ROI, the general rule of thumb is you want to give them about a 10x return on that. So as soon as we have a really good case study to understand what we can drive, we’ll divide it be ten and charge them that. That’s the truth.
Investor question: What keeps you up at night?
Investor question: Do you have to sign them at the very top level? Do you have to do it at the individual store level? How do you physically sign a restaurant?
Ben: So these would be head office deals. these would be an enterprise client.
Investor question: How would they push out dynamic pricing to 400 Freshiis? How would that actually happen?
Ben: So Freshii just invested a lot of money in building their own application. So they have a mobile app that they spent a lot of money on pushing out So the restaurant has their own channel, online ordering, they have their own application that is branded with that restaurant. The first step is to work in those channels. And it gives them an amazing opportunity to test, find price discrepancies and opportunities, that they can actually change across all their channels. Including their menus
Investor question: But you're not there yet?
Ben: No. So I believe that in five years from now we're going to be laughing at this conversation.
Ben: Everyone. Prices are going to be changing at restaurants. I'm convinced. And I've had a lot of conversations with a lot of smart people. And everyone is also with me, that the way that the pricing is working right now, it just doesn't make sense
Ben: The peak and valley demand, the amount of food waste, there are so many reasons that it doesn't make sense
Investor question: Do you lose customers that way?
Ben: So it's a great question. The cool thing, ...
Ben: What's been so cool, is so what we've seen, is in our app, the more times we actually change prices, the more people check into the app to see what the prices are.
Ben: And so it actually increases engagement. And we see conversion rates stay pretty flat. So when you put those things together, the more prices change it actually could create the opposite effect. Where people are going in to look more.
Investor question: Is it sort of like gaming?
Ben: Yeah. It's a gamification of pricing in some ways.
Ben: Yes. So first of all, US dollars I'm talking right now.
Ben: I don't know if you can afford it, .
Ben: So 800k US. It's a 4 million dollar cap. It's going to be a convertible note. 20% discount.
Investor question: And do you have any of the 800 filled out right now?
Ben: Yeah, we have about half of it filled out
Investor question: Who on your team has that experience of enterprise SAAS sales?
Ben: Yeah, so sales is going to be me. That’s my job as CEO at the beginning. We’re going to keep all the technical talent and I’m going to be the one who is selling this product to begin with
Ben: For sure.
Investor question: Would that be something that you would commit to?
Ben: Um…
Ben: No, yeah, absolutely.
Ben: No definitely not. And I do see us being able to get through the next 12 months without that The 800 is going to be used for almost exclusively technical talent
Investor question: So what about this business?
Ben: So right now, this pivot is what, is a tough thing to go through. I always say human psychology hasn't wrapped their heads around sunk cost. And so we have this...
Ben: So we have this app that we've put our heart and soul into for 13 months, we've got 35,000 people that use this app on a quarterly basis. Everything seems to be going well. And we're like now jumping ship.
Ben: I appreciate that, .
Ben: Yeah.
Ben: And I've read about it, I've listened to it, it doesn't matter.
Ben: I appreciate that And we are, we've got five core values. And one that we always preach is transparency.
Investor question: So what are your core values?
Ben: Positivity, impact, transparency, courage, humility.
Ben: Yeah. It actually does spell pitch. So transparency for us, is something that allows all of these things to come a little bit easier. Because it’s not going to be a surprise. We have an amazing advisor, Joe, who is the chair of our board. And he has always said that unfortunately you have to let people go, but you always need to make sure that it doesn’t come as a surprise to them.
Ben: There need to be those conversations before that happens. And we have been really good at having tough conversations. I believe in tough love. That’s how my family has always operated. And I think that the tough love is going to allow this to be a little bit more acceptable than maybe it otherwise would, because it’s not going to come as a shock or surprise to anyone. It won’t make it easy, but yeah
Ben: I really appreciate that
Ben: Sounds good
Ben: I appreciate that, .
Ben: Thanks a lot.
