Andrew: Perfect. So hello everyone. My name is Andrew Hoagland and I’m the cofounder and CEO of Vetd. Now the B2B market has never been more complex. There are now over 35,000 SAAS products in the market alone. And it’s an $83 billion industry. The vendors and the sales teams purposely don’t give out the pricing information. They gate it because they want to draw you into their sales process, get you on one or more calls and control the sales process from start to finish. Now I know this problem intimately because I helped create it. My background is B2B sales kind of the bad guy of the story.
Andrew: So we’ve had a lot of overwhelming demand recently. We’ve got a really big backlog of buyers trying to get on our platform. And we’re looking to raise $2 million to scale and meet those demands. And I look forward to questions
Investor question: can you give us a real example of what you’re doing?
Andrew: Sure. So one of our users recently needed to buy a new retail operations system. they're like, all right, we need it to inventory management, we're on Shopify, we have multiple warehouses, we need to be able to do order fulfilment and returns. So what we say is, great. We already have this database of all these vendors. They have all the top vendors curated for them without having to do anything. They get it down to their final maybe one or two options, usually one. And then they say, great, now I'm ready to spend time with this vendor
Andrew: You're an ideal user.
Investor question: But can't you like, can't you just skip it?
Andrew: I wish the answer to that question was yes. And if it was yes, I wouldn't be standing here
Investor question: And how are you paid?
Andrew: So we actually only monetize the vendor side Vendors pay a subscription to us, they're on our platform and as many deals as we could possibly drive them, they have a set...
Andrew: That's not true. We want to make sure the buyers always win. So the most important thing is the buyers have access to the platform and the best options
Investor question: So how much do I pay to come on to your platform?
Andrew: As a buyer? Nothing.
Andrew: So our subscription model will be anywhere from 12 to 25,000 annually. just based on size of the company right. We have to remain this impartial third party, so by having a very transparent vendor pricing system, we don't have to worry about anyone thinking, oh, are the big vendors paying you more? This is exactly how much they're paying us. This is why they're paying us. And it's all transparent and visible.
Andrew: Right. But the beauty...
Andrew: Totally. Totally. But the beauty of this system is now that we have the numbers and the leverage, this is one of the reasons this had never been solved before, is you never really had the leverage. If we came out and we're like, we have five buyers, no one is going to change their process. We now have at least 900 ready to go and that number is growing rapidly.
Andrew: And now the part I'm really excited to get about is what we're calling kind of the community aspect, which is why we have this big backlog.
Investor question: Why can’t you get them on your platform right away?
Andrew: So when we started we would go one to one. We’d get a buyer, We’ve learned how to get buyers in large groups, as opposed to one off. they would come on to our platform, we’d onboard them. So over the last three weeks, we started to reach out to some VCs both in and out of our network and say hey, we want to come to you and bring you a community version of Vetd, it'll be free for you, it'll be free for all of your buyers. And the response from VCs has been incredible. Over the last three weeks, we have eight VCs on board, representing over 900 portfolio companies.
Investor question: When you bring in a community, are you offering them discounts as well?
Andrew: That is one of the value props to the communities. We're saying, hey, most VCs or communities - it doesn't have to be a VC - do not have a dedicated resource to thinking about this. They maybe have an Excel sheet We are saying, we'll have an entire sales arm whose sole focus is on making we have vetted vendors with aggressive discounts for your community. And the bigger we grow that sales team, the higher that number becomes. In the end it's the entire market.
Investor question: How many of those portfolio companies, like have they actually rolled it out to those companies?
Andrew: Well, so that's why I'm standing here. We can't keep up with the demand that we've now created. But with $2 million we can. Cos we'll have a self-serve product. It will be that we can onboard them as soon as they login.
Investor question: How long will that take to build?
Andrew: I do not like to give out estimates, but we are planning...
Andrew: We think if we get the money in the near future, two to three months after the money is in the bank we'll be able to roll out consistently and onboard in large batches.
Andrew: So we don't do it that way. We don't try to create bidding wars, per se. We try to say, all right, put forth your pricing model, put forth your transparency. The vendors gonna then engage in a conversation with you. And then it's just like...
Investor question: And you guys step to the side then?
Andrew: Yes.
Andrew: So then we step out of the way
Andrew: Exactly.
Andrew: Sure.
Investor question: There isn't one, right?
Investor question: What should we use? What did you pay? How did you get a discount?
Investor question: You started to use them?
Investor question: Are you funding them too?
Investor question: How is that? What do they do?
Andrew: every week I get an email from G2 Crowd paying me to write reviews. I haven't.
Andrew: Every single week.
Andrew: I can open my inbox and show you every single week on the dime, Starbucks gift cards, Amazon gift cards.
Investor question: So who do you see as your closest competitors?
Investor question: How much money are you raising?
Andrew: So we are raising $2 million.
Andrew: We haven't set the terms yet.
Andrew: Yes. So to date we've raised about $400,000 via friends and family/angel. And then we got some pre-seed money from a firm called Village Global out in San Francisco.
Andrew: So right around a 6 million.
Investor question: Is that in your head?
Andrew: I'm going to let the lead investor set those terms because we want to have a partner here.
Investor question: That's a good sales answer, but what do you want?
Andrew: So it's definitely going to be an increase on our 6 million before. So I can say that comfortably.
Investor question: What are the revenues?
Andrew: Right now we've made low revenue in the less than 10,000 annually. But the beauty of it is now that we have these communities on board, now we have the leverage
Investor question: Are you ready to cut a deal on valuation here today?
Andrew: If anybody wants to be our lead investor, absolutely
Investor question: What's a lead investor for you?
Andrew: So the partner in terms of our lead investor is a) going to help set up one of our first communities. That's our ideal scenario is this lead investor comes on, they're like, look, I have x amount of portfolio companies, I'm going to help you design and iterate on this community aspect. And b) we're going to lead your round. These are going to be the terms of the deal. We'll help you negotiate with the follow on investors
Andrew: That's a good sales answer.
Andrew: No.
Andrew: Thank you. I appreciate that.
Andrew: Sounds wonderful. Thank you.
