Khalil: We produce wearable technology and we allow people to play combat sports without having to hit each other in the face.
Investor question: Did you just call me a moron?
Khalil Zahar: Let’s jump into it, I think its a good time. Thanks a lot for having us, guys. My name is Khalil. I'm the founder of our company that is called Hykso. We produce wearable technology and we allow people to play combat sports without having to hit each other in the face.
Khalil: Uh, but we realized that a lot of coaches out there are trying to always gamify those classes, and trying to keep score basically, and they have no way to do it. And right now, the best thing available is a company called MYZONE, which is actually a heart rate monitor that displays the heart rate directly on TV.
Tommy: Heart rate is a very tough way to measure output, first of all. Because it's subject to so many external factors, whether it be stress or caffeine.
Khalil: And the competition aspect is really what excites us. Because you can now create a circuit and connect all of those locations together, within gyms for example.
Khalil: It started three years ago. And the idea was just for myself. And then we had a lot of traction with the professional athletes. Because we were working with the national team of Canada, they needed very high accuracy. And basically, what took the most of our time to develop this, is that you have to filter all the different types of data. If you do jumping jacks, you don't want to count punches. If you clap your hands, you don't want to count punches. And that was a very big challenge.
Khalil: No, it's actually wider than that. Right now, the target market when it comes to the users, is actually women between 25 and 40 years old. They're the big market when it comes to fitness. We’re marketing to them through the gyms.
Tommy: It was a pivot, to go to the gym model. It just makes a lot more sense for us.
Khalil: You guys wanna see a demo?
Tommy: I wanna show you a demo, too. I'm dying. Do you want to hold the phone for them?
Tommy: Show them that, too.
Tommy: The sensor's right here. He's holding the charging dock. Both sensors go within that charging dock. It doubles as a carrying case for you.
Tommy: So punch harder, punch faster, punch more, you maximize that intensity score. So I throw a punch - how many punches am I at right now Khalil?
Khalil: 13.
Tommy: 13, 14, 15, 16, 17.
Tommy: I'm retired.
Tommy: See, see what the social pressure does. Imagine in a gym setting, right, when your stats are up on a TV screen?
Tommy: So imagine you're in a gym setting now, right. And individual you have that social pressure. The other modes we have are super interesting too. So imagine you can take the gym now, and you split the class into two teams or four teams of equal size. And now you have team one, team two, team three, team four coming together to beat one another.
Investor question: And you can tally it by team?
Tommy: The 6:00 class coming together to beat the 8:00 class. Because in a gym, and I spent a really long time in fitness myself, the holy grail in a gym is community. If you can get that community feel in your gym, strengthen those relationships, you drive retention through the roof.
Investor question: Could not any of the other Fitbit or wearable companies come out with this?
Tommy: Good question. But it's extremely difficult. So what the Fitbit does, it's a pedometer, right. So if there's an event, it says there was an event. If there was any kind of movement.
Tommy: So what we do is full 3D motion tracking. The sensor knows its position in time and space 1000 times per second.
Khalil: Right. And honestly when it comes to the Fitbit, the angle of the product is completely different.
Investor question: What's proprietary?
Khalil: What is proprietary is actually the algorithms. When it comes to the sports that are very dynamic, it is actually complex to be able to filter what is a relevant motion and a not relevant motion. It's hard to know if there's not other brands out there who can do that. We know HBO worked for two years on a similar product and wasn't able to pull it off.
Investor question: Are you thinking of doing like a Peloton for boxing?
Khalil: Yes. Exactly. At a certain point, we want to allow people even at home to connect with the people in the gym.
Khalil: Yep. Absolutely.
Tommy: And not just that, but I think the at-home fitness market has always been more geared towards women. Women have been more accepting as an overall of the at-home fitness market. And it's obviously a huge opportunity right now.
Investor question: Do you know why?
Tommy: No.
Tommy: Right.
Khalil: Tae Bo was another one.
Investor question: So how does this fit into that model? Because you don't have really the workouts, do you?
Khalil: We don't provide the workouts for now. Our first focus right now...
Investor question: Is the sensors?
Khalil: No, it's actually going into those gyms. Because that demand is there. So we signed two LOIs. And one was actually with the fastest growing franchise in 2015 in the US.
Investor question: Which one?
Khalil: It's called Title Boxing Club.
Khalil: They're expanding super-fast right now. And they basically were looking into MYZONE, but they didn't like the fact that it was irrelevant for boxing. But now, with our system, they can measure output. Which means that they can rank all of their members, and create links between all of their locations. So that creates a bigger sense of community with all of their members. And you become part of the Title Boxing Circuit.
Tommy: We recently signed an LOI with CKO kickboxing, as well. I don't know if anybody has heard of them?
Tommy: They put out a press release yesterday. And the COO just texted me today and he said the reaction is just off the hook.
Investor question: What do you think the value of that LOI is?
Khalil: $2 million.
Investor question: Do you think this is going to be a trend? Is this trend sensitive?
Khalil: You know, it's hard to say. You know, I don't believe so. Spinning has not been a trend, although it started...
Khalil: It wasn't. But it's constant now. It's pretty solid now.
Investor question: Are you talking about a fad that's going to come and go?
Investor question: Has that gone? How's that going for you?
Investor question: You're still doing them?
Khalil: Boxing survived more than 120 years already of popularity.
Khalil: MMA is exploding.
Khalil: And then the way we see it when it comes to those fads, is we look at what happened with running, which really got popularized in 2005, saw the peak growth. Everyone started running. People didn't run before. And then you had all those companies like Strava, Runkeeper, that all suddenly came out. And then you had the same thing with spinning in 2012 and 2011 where they saw the peak growth, and then you had SoulCycle and Peloton. And then in 2015, there's like multiple analysts in fitness that are saying that combat sport is the new thing.
Khalil: If I had the answer to that, honestly, but...
Khalil: Basically when we learned that the sale cycles were so long, and that was last January, we decided to do a pre-order campaign. That was in March, and in 4 months we sold 2500 units. It's $360,000.
Investor question: What did you do it through?
Khalil: Directly on our website.
Khalil: We didn't think our community lived on Kickstarter.
Investor question: So you pre-sold this next generation product?
Khalil: Yep. That we're shipping in 12 weeks now.
Investor question: How many did you sell?
Khalil: 2500 units.
Khalil: Just the sensor, and the mobile app. That's direct to consumer. And then in the meantime we got all those discussions with those big gyms. So one LOI with Title Boxing Club is a $4 million LOI.
Investor question: And what's your cost to make a pair of sensors?
Khalil: $32 landed.
Tommy: And it will go down over time.
Investor question: In terms of hardware development, it's basically done, right?
Khalil: We already pressed the green button with Arrow. Arrow is our manufacturing partner. And they financed the first production run.
Investor question: So you didn't have to pay anything up front?
Khalil: Yeah, exactly. So they offered a line of credit for $175k.
Khalil: Exactly.
Khalil: I'd say right now we're about $405k.
Investor question: How much are you raising and what terms?
Khalil: $500k. And we're raising under a SAFE capped at $4 million.
Investor question: How much of that has been committed so far?
Khalil: $175k.
Khalil: So we have $100k that is from friends and family, and the rest is from angels.
Khalil: Absolutely. Thank you. Awesome.
Investor question: Is that guaranteed?
Khalil: It's not guaranteed since it's an LOI, you know, to be completely fair.
Investor question: So what are the terms?
Khalil: It's an LOI.
Tommy: All of the terms that are laid out in the LOI, so...
Investor question: So why isn't it a contract?
Tommy: We're shipping in a month.
Khalil: The biggest doubt of all of those customers is that it works.
Investor question: So you've shown them this demonstration you've showed us?
Investor question: Is it integration?
Tommy: That's honest pushback, honestly.
Khalil: Well, it's because they didn't see the exact, they didn't see the exact context with 15 people, for example, doing it at the same time.
Investor question: What's the timing for getting these LOIs to contract? Do you have to deliver the product first? Do they want to see it, actually?
Khalil: Yeah, I think those will actually be done, I'd say six weeks after first shipment. So I would say within the next 4 months and a half.
Tommy: Seed stage is maybe a little bit too early for you right now.
Investor question: Can I just say one thing?
Investor question: Did you just call me a moron?
Investor question: Why don't you make an exception?
Investor question: You want to know something?
Tommy: It would be such a pleasure. I really like your vibe.
Khalil: Especially with Class Pass.
Tommy: That's such a shame. You know business though, very well.
Tommy: So if he comes in would you be in with him? That way he gets...
Investor question: What's this, like the Trump Hillary thing?
Investor question: What are you willing to do on the cap?
Khalil: What do you propose?
Khalil: K?
Tommy: Take out the wallet.
