Aparna: Quick question. Who’s a pet parent?
Aparna: So first of all, um, I am the founder. Our CEO Krishna, my dog, and he’s at home, doing his CEO duties. And I started Spot On for him. One of the hardest things to do is getting around town with your pet without actually driving yourself. And there are Ubers and Lyfts out there and it’s very inconvenient because it’s to the discretion of the driver whether they’re going to take you or not. I had the problem because I had two big dogs. One of the biggest challenges was taking them to the airport. I’d beg my friends for rides, pay my car service $350 to go six miles. I had to, because we had a plane to catch. So step in Spot On. We’re the solution. We’re a ride hailing service for people and their pets.
Aparna: We’re actually revolutionizing pet mobility.
Aparna: We have unaccompanied pet rides, which we’re piloting. So if you’re a busy pet parent, you simply request a ride, we’ll take your dog, cat, hamster to a destination of your choice without you actually being there.
Aparna: Sure, absolutely, yeah. We're raising $750,000. I've closed about $250,000 of that $750.
Aparna: At 3 million valuation.
Investor question: Do you have a version of the app that we could see?
Aparna: Yes. I do.
Aparna: So basically you load it up on your smartphone, like so. And the map comes up, shows you drivers.
Aparna: People and cats. And then you choose your drop off location, say, let’s go to Central Park Zoo. And then you choose your time.
Aparna: So currently we’re not on demand. We have a 2-hour booking window. And that’s because we have to get enough drivers on our platform in order to be on demand.
Investor question: You have a two hour booking window?
Aparna: Yes.
Aparna: It actually hasn’t been a problem. Because a lot of people schedule their animal’s visits, they know when they’re going to work.
Aparna: But when we do go on-demand we’re still going to have this booking option, because everybody seems to like it. Our drivers like it too.
Investor question: So tell me a little about you, could you please?
Aparna: Sure. We’re a team of four. Um, I’m the founder and CEO. And ah the last company that I started a boutique marketing firm. Ran that for 12 years. My CTO and co-founder John, when I told him about this, um, idea he was like, you wanna do what? It’s like, like Uber for pets. And then ah three months later he calls me back and he was like, I’ve been an Uber driver for three months. I kinda figured this out, I think we can do it, and we can do it better. So that’s the kind of team I have.
Aparna: We, and actually we did a pilot in LA. And I printed up some flyers, went to the dog park. We started getting calls. Hey, can you come pick us up? Sure! I was driver number one. We took over 500 rides. My friends were driving for me. Um and that's why I knew I had something.
Aparna: And, and actually to go even further, I stood outside LAX, talked to every dog, cat person that was coming in. Asked them, How did you get here? Do you have any idea if there's a convenient solution? And I put all this together, and now we have Spot On, that's humming here in New York City.
Aparna: Oh thank you.
Aparna: Sure.
Investor question: What would they pay then? What would they pay with you? What's your cut?
Aparna: Yeah, absolutely. So we're actually the most profitable ride hailing company in New York City. Our rides are very similar to your Uber and Lyft but we are a little bit more expensive because we're a premium service.
Aparna: So we, we're more in the Uber Black range as far as what you would pay to be in one of our cars. Average ride is about $35. We take 15% of that fare. And then the remaining 85% is given to the driver. So that's kind of where the breakdown is.
Investor question: You realize that Uber and Lyft are more like 20, 25%?
Aparna: Exactly. We actually give our drivers more of an incentive to take pets. With Uber and Lyft, they're not going to take you. But because we're offering that financial incentive.
Investor question: Why do you say they're not gonna take you?
Aparna: No, you're right, you're right. There are drivers out there that will. It's just a hit or miss. Ours is a guaranteed service.
Aparna: Absolutely. We've actually been getting a lot of reports.
Aparna: Exactly. That's the exact reason why.
Investor question: Like, can't you just have like a feature in the settings?
Aparna: To, to answer that question, Uber has recently added Uber Pets. They relaunched it for the fourth time. It's not available in New York City. Ah, they've ah launched it 2013 in Dallas, 2015 in Turkey, 2017 in Singapore. And now 2019, every two years, ah they've expanded it to Austin, Philly.
Investor question: don't you think Uber would then see this as natural?
Aparna: Right, the issue with how Uber is doing it is that they're basically taking the existing human formula and laying it on top of a pet formula. So what we're seeing coming out of Austin, Philadelphia, and the markets that they're in now, Nashville, is that yeah, they're clicking Uber Pet. Drivers aren't available. Drivers keep canceling. It's not a guaranteed service. They're still not finding that.
Investor question: Does it strike anybody that Uber and Lyft struggle?
Investor question: And what does that represent in revenues?
Aparna: Revenue wise? Close to about $112,000 a month.
Aparna: In gross.
Aparna: We're 15% of that.
Investor question: Can you move that 15% to 25?
Aparna: We are.
Investor question: Can you make more money?
Aparna: Yes. This is our testing phase.
Aparna: And we also have a specific clientele that we're going after.
Aparna: And we have a specific clientele that we’re going after.
Investor question: What's your customer acquisition cost? If you make 5 bucks?
Aparna: So currently our customer acquisition costs are under a dollar.
Aparna: I'll tell you why. It's our B2B strategy. We've partnered up with several partners. They're bringing in over 65% of our rides, which is lowering our cost of customer acquisition.
Investor question: Who's that?
Aparna: Google. WeWork. Petco. Many vets in the city. Google and WeWork, we're servicing their pet-friendly office spaces. So you would get a discount on our rides for being an employee at Google.
Aparna: Right. I mean, right now, our usage, our repeat usage is close to I'd say 45%. Once they use us once, they're hooked, because they know that we have a service that is not just guaranteed but we're safe. Our drivers are amazing.
Aparna: Trust.
Aparna: If you look at the pet landscape, there's nobody that's in pet mobility right now. We can harness the power of a pet market by groomers and daycares. How many day carers are there here in New York City?
Aparna: So we can essentially become their transportation service.
Investor question: Have you talked to them?
Aparna: We are currently talking to them, and that's why I said our partnership with Petco is actually going to really, um, take this to another level.
Investor question: What, what are they doing for you?
Aparna: So we're basically going to be servicing their Union Square location. So bringing pets to and from Union Square, with or without their owners, depending on what kind of, if they're going for a grooming, or otherwise.
Aparna: Exactly.
Aparna: typical ride-share....
Investor question: So what, what, what percentage of rides are these unaccompanied?
Aparna: So we're just piloting that with our vet partners. Um, so what we've been seeing is probably about, ah, close to about 150 coming in a month. And it's very limited because we want to make sure we perfect it before we, ah, release it to the public.
Investor question: How many vet partners do you have?
Aparna: We have over 20 in New York City.
Investor question: But aren’t you the edge case?
Investor question: Who has a vet coming to their home?
Investor question: Okay, so what do you think of this business?
Aparna: Thank you guys.
Investor question: Which is, let’s assume that the, Hey, I’m just going from Central Park back to my house with my pet after a fun day out, assuming that business gets commoditized, is the remainder of the business interesting?
Aparna: Way more.
Investor question: And does that yield an interesting company?
Aparna: Thank you.
Investor question: What’s the biggest thing you need to do with this product?
Aparna: The biggest thing we need to do is expand our footprint in New York City and show the scalability.
Investor question: How do you do that?
Aparna: In order for us to do that, we need to really pump more money into our marketing. What we’ve been doing right now is relying heavily on our business partners, which is great. But there are a lot of people out there that don’t know about us, and we really need to...
Investor question: You want to expand the b2c marketing channel?
Aparna: Well, we are a b2c business, at the end of the day. Right. It’s just...
Aparna: Yeah, exactly. It’s just how we acquire our customers. So absolutely we want to expand the b2b. But in order for us to really show the full width and breadth of what we do, we really need to get the customer directly.
Aparna: Okay.
Investor question: Why did you call the company Spot On?
Investor question: Why wouldn't it be Pet Ride?
Investor question: But what does it have to do with, with the service?
Aparna: So Spot is a common name for a dog, cat. And...
Aparna: Yeah. I mean, we're, we're, we're new enough that we can.
Aparna: Because you know we don't, this is our only market right now. So as far as rebranding, it would be very easy for us to actually…
Aparna: Thank you.
