Cody: What the product looks like today is you open the app and you can find a space to leave your things all over the city. So the goal is on every block of the city.
Cody: Yeah, that's right. So a lot of travelers will use us to store their luggage. A lot of folks will use us before going to, say, an event at Madison Square Garden. All kinds of use cases.
Cody: Yeah, so we’re storing things in small businesses that have extra space. We have 65 store locations between New York City and San Francisco.
Investor question: You’re enabling people to store things temporarily?
Cody: That’s right.
Investor question: What kind of revenue are you generating? How does it all work?
Cody: So there’s two value props for the stores. One is extra foot traffic. Our customers, we estimate more than half of them buy from our small business partners. The second value prop is we do a revenue share with them. So basically we charge $6 per bag per day with the current model, and we give $3 now phasing that to $2 per bag to the store partners. So they win on both of those value props.
Investor question: And is the $6 charge regardless of the size of the item?
Cody: That’s right. As long as you can pick it up with two hands. So we do backpacks, suitcases, work bags, gym bags, all kinds of things.
Investor question: How long have you been doing this for?
Cody: We started last October.
Investor question: And how fast are you scaling on revenue? What’s going on?
Cody: So basically we’ve been in product development mode, came out of that in February, and since then we’ve been growing 50% month over month. So last month we did $8,500 in revenue.
Cody: So in addition to the money, one of the things we’re looking for in this investment around is partnerships. So folks who have a lot of retail connections and they can help us flip some of these connections really, really fast.
Cody: If we could get one of these big guys…
Investor question: You're telling me a big chain is signing you up?
Cody: We actually had Kmart reach out to us and say, hey, we're interested.
Cody: Yeah. Brick and mortar is dying.
Cody: They’re losing all their customers. And so they’re desperate for traffic. So they come to us and UPS. They have all kinds of add-on services, like passport photos, and fingerprinting services. They’re looking for these add-on businesses.
Investor question: Yeah, don't you?
