Troy Pettie: Isn’t this just kind of weird to be…That thing is really trippy. Is this spinning?
Troy: You want to run it a couple times.
Troy: Hello my name is Troy Pettie.
Evan Thomas: And I’m Evan Thomas.
Troy: And our company is Guru Games
Evan: Alright one more time.
Troy: Let’s go a couple more. I mean, we got time…
Troy: Hello my name is Troy Pettie
Troy: Hello my name is Troy Pettie
Troy: It’s gonna get better in a couple more. Watch it’s just exponentially going. And if it was able to make it on...Smiling helps honestly.
Troy: It seems as though nobody can get the twentysomethings to thirty-year olds into their casinos. To solve this problem Evan and I founded Guru Games.
Evan: How was that? Just do that in front of the people and we’ll be fine.
Troy: Hello, my name is Troy Pettie.
Evan: And I'm Evan Thomas.
Troy: Our company is Guru Games. So growing up in Las Vegas, Evan and I were constantly surrounded by casinos and their games. But as we got closer to turning 21, we realized that there weren't any games that either of us wanted to play. After some research we realized that this isn't just our problem. This is a problem plaguing the entire gaming industry. Nobody can find a way to attract the newest generation of gamers to gamble in their casinos playing their games. So to solve this problem, Evan and I founded Guru Games.
Evan: We're currently raising $600,000 to develop our team as well as cover the legal costs with running a for-real-money gambling studio. And that's our one minute pitch.
Evan: So we're both UNLV engineering students. UNLV is University of Nevada Las Vegas, if none of you guys are familiar. So I actually started my first semester of college at Air Force Academy. During that first semester I learned that the military wasn't where I wanted to put my resources towards. I really kind of fell in love with entrepreneurship and creating my own ideas. So I took that to UNLV. Me and Troy took a gaming innovation class. The person who ran that class, he was basically our personal mentor. He taught us everything we know about games. If you look in a casino right now, slot machines are just traditional spinning wheels, and you get a payout. There's no interaction. Millennials are turned off by it.
Evan: Yeah, go ahead and tell your background, Troy.
Troy: So, my background is pretty much the same, except that I didn't really get into the startup world until we took that class.
Panel Investor: You're starting your own... So, you're going to partner with casinos? Or you're going to start your own casino?
Troy: So, exactly. We are partnering not so much with casinos. So I'll just give a quick background on how the gaming industry works. You have your casino operators who are like MGM, Caesars.
Troy: What happens is we'll actually design the entire theme and the sound and basically all the graphics, the experience of the cabinet. And then they'll just manufacture it. So all the design, all the creative control of the game, falls underneath us, but they're just our distributor. They're our big partner that's going to get us actually into the casinos.
Troy: Yes, exactly.
Investor question: What does the revenue stream look like?
Panel Investor: What does the revenue stream look like? How does the split work and how much money would you expect to...?
Evan: So the split, kind of... It changes from company to company. It all has to be negotiated.
Investor question: But what's the range?
Panel Investor: But what's the range? Give us an idea.
Evan: Typical deals look like a 70-30 or a 60-40 split. Some can go as high as 80-20 and some can go as low as 50-50 in terms of...
Investor question: So have you created the software already? Have you created the game?
Evan: Yeah.
Troy: Yes.
Investor question: So you guys are game developers?
Troy: Yes.
Investor question: Both of you?
Troy: Yep.
Investor question: Are you both still at UNLV?
Troy: We're only 20. We're only 20.
Evan: We're both still students there.
Troy: So yeah. Yeah.
Investor question: So you can't even play your game?
Evan: No.
Investor question: Are we engaging in illegal activity right now?
Panel Investor: This is illegal. Are we engaging in illegal activity right now?
Troy: So. How many of you guys have played slot machines?
Troy: All of you guys. Okay.
Troy: You're a good slot player?
Investor question: Are you?
Investor question: I mean, that's what job is, basically, right?
Investor question: What?
Panel Investor: I mean, that's what Howie's job is, basically, right? You just randomly pick and just see what happens.
Panel Investor: What? My investment thesis?
Troy: So, you've all played slots. So you all have gotten some near misses, to where you wish you could just kind of flip it and get it to actually line up on the line, you know, and get paid for it.
Troy: Too many times you get two sevens and then you miss it by like a millimeter. We made a game, right, that... Sorry. We made a game that is completely math verified, but allows you to completely control how you make your lines. So let me give you an example…
Troy: And now you've got this diagonal of bars, and this right here, this line of cherries. And then you can also get this. Right. And now you've got a little horizontal of bells. So finish. Right. And you won $7.50 from that win. So when it comes to slot machines you can choose things and what not. But you can't actually affect your wager. This game, you can mess up on and affect your wager. This game, you can maximize your payout if given a good board.
Troy: Amazingly enough, for people, the learning curve for this game is very similar to that of video poker. So if any of you play video poker, you're kind of slow at first, you kind of learn, like, oh it's better to hold a pair than a high card, right? And then eventually you get to the point where you can play 400 rounds an hour. Evan and I have been playing this game for around six months, and we can play 320 rounds an hour at almost perfect strategy.
Investor question: And how does that compare with the regular slot velocity?
Troy: Regular slot velocity is around 450.
Troy: But the problems is is that you get bored from playing the slot machine.
Troy: So, sure, if you get 500 rounds per hour. But that's if the person plays for the full hour. That's if it's always being played.
Panel Investor: So the tradeoff you're saying is this helps them to keep the player there longer, even though they're playing slower?
Troy: Exactly.
Investor question: You guys are familiar with the zone?
Panel Investor: I know a little bit about, I've read a little bit about the psychology behind these game mechanics in casinos, and to Phil's point there is something called the zone. You guys are familiar with the zone?
Troy: Oh yep. You just don't know what you're doing. You just do it.
Panel Investor: It's not even about winning or losing. It's just the mechanics of the game, and the lights and the sound are completely, have been completely calibrated scientifically to make sure that you sit there for hours on end. It seems like, are you saying this enhances the zone? Or can this possibly take you out of the zone? Because there's been years and years of research to get people into this "zone." And now this seems a little bit more interactive.
Troy: You definitely get into the zone playing this game. Once you get used to the mechanic, you definitely get into the zone.
Investor question: But how long until you get used to it?
Investor question: I mean this is for people who play social games, right?
Panel Investor: But how long until you get used to it? Because this is sort of modifying a little bit of human behavior, in terms of this is a new thing, you know. How do you get people to get in?
Panel Investor: I don't know if it's that new, Howie. I mean this is for people who play social games, right? You play Candy Crush or Bejeweled. It's that mechanic.
Evan: The zone works for the traditional baby boomer gamblers. That's the bread and butter of the casinos right now. But the casinos are worried about how are they going to attract that new gambler, how are they going to attract that underserved gambler that doesn't currently have a game in the market for them. They don't want to just go and sit mindlessly at a slot machine and get in the zone. They want a more interactive experience. And that's what we're trying to bring to the table.
Troy: Essentially this would be what the casino calls 'found money'. Because these people aren't gambling now. So any amount of money that they spend gambling on our game is found money. It's money they wouldn't have made anyway.
Evan: Right now we're in talks with one of the biggest gaming equipment manufacturers in the country about a distribution deal where, exactly what I was talking about, the studio distributor deal. So, we're in early talks there. And then we've been approached by multiple online casino, online casino, the people that run the online casinos, the operators, in that space.
Investor question: I'm curious: why are you raising money?
Panel Investor: So, you're game developers and you have relationships in Vegas that can find manufacturing partners and distributors, and they will potentially pay you for your software, for the games that you're developing. I'm curious: why are you raising money?
Evan: The reason we're raising money is because we're basically, we've been bootstrapping this entire time, and we've gotten to the point where we need a bigger team and a full time graphic designer as well as a sound designer, to start working on the full design for this game.
Panel Investor: But you said, if you're working with some of the distributors that you could take a lower split today in exchange for having them do some of the final touches, right?
Evan: Yes. We lose a lot of the creative control in that aspect, and that's one of the things we're really worried about. Because innovation is so stagnant in the gaming industry, we would hate to lose creative control to one of these big manufacturers and then see them tarnish our game into something that we didn't want it to be in the first place.
Investor question: I still don't understand why you need the money?
Evan: That's a good question. You want to tackle this one?
Troy: Yeah. We're trying to build a brand. This isn't just a product.
Troy: So what I'm saying is, we want our own team of graphic designers, our own team of sound designers, and for the other ideas that we have and we want to make games that are Guru Games.
Investor question: Do you think that might be a good idea to try to sell your first one, to bring in some revenue, to support that?
Evan: That's what we're currently, that's what some of the talks that we're having now.
Investor question: That's what you're doing?
Evan: Yeah, exactly.
Troy: Yeah. Yeah.
Evan: It's the difference between the game getting on the floor at the beginning of the year or the game getting on the floor in a year and a half.
Evan: No, it's not.
Investor question: Because it's not at the level that you need, correct?
Evan: Yes.
Investor question: Or you get partners on board that can accommodate those?
Evan: We have a lot of interest from heads of, high up positions, in these casino companies who are begging for innovation.
Investor question: For online casinos, right?
Evan: Yes.
Evan: And actually the online casinos is actually less work for us. We're approaching online casinos as we speak. But the problem with that is we have to figure out our deal with the big guy first, because we need to see how much of the pie the big guy wants. The big guy might want to say I want social casino, I want online casino, and I want land based casino rights. I want all those distribution channels. So we want to make sure we pleasure that person first, because they're our main source of revenue and land based is the main source of gaming revenue.
Investor question: Have you done any like, have you pushed this game out free in the app store?
Evan: Yes.
Investor question: What sort of data do you have on that?
Panel Investor: Just so someone can... You need data to say that people do sit and play this for three hours or whatever it is. What sort of data do you have on that?
Evan: It's basically, we're not promoting it, it's basically word of mouth around our friends, we’re keeping it small to start. All of the feedback we've gotten from our players so far is this game is addictive. Like, I can't stop playing it, I would love to play this in a casino.
Investor question: Remind me again what you're raising and the valuation?
Evan: We're raising $600,000 and we are not going for a specific valuation. And then down the road we can talk more specifics about how that convertible note looks.
Investor question: How much have you raised?
Evan: We actually, today is our first day that we're starting fundraising. So we're kicking off with a bang, I guess you would say.
Evan: Awesome. Thank you.
Troy: Thank you.
