Stefan: Hello everyone. Stefan Loble.
Stefan: Nice to meet you guys.
Stefan: Ready, set, go.
Stefan: So, once upon a time, I took a job writing software in Hanoi, Vietnam, for... Wait a sec. I forgot something.
Stefan: It’s just a blazer really makes all the difference.
Stefan: Thank you.
Stefan: So, as I was saying I took this job writing software in Hanoi, Vietnam for $4 an hour. And it was a fantastic adventure. We lived in an alley that was just this wide, my wife and I. At the back of the alley there were pigs and there were chickens. You know, we spoke Vietnamese, the whole nine yards.
Investor question: But did you wear a blazer?
Stefan: No. But while I was there, I wore travel clothes. Because I would get caught in the rain on my motorbike once a week. Travel clothes were easy care. I could wear them again and again, they never wrinkled, and they’re very durable. When I moved back to New York to start a family, I couldn’t wear my travel clothes. There was no way I was going taking travel apparel and wearing it into the office.
Stefan: In 2012, I launched a single pair of pants on kickstarter, and in 35 days we sold over 2000 pairs. And we showed from that is that there were other guys that had the same lifestyle as me. biking to work, shoving my pants in the bag, wrestling with my kid in the ocean, all that kind of stuff And after that the travel community really picked us up. Since then, we’ve built an amazing following of passionate, so far men, who are leading extraordinary but normal lives.
Investor question: And what is the product? How does it work?
Stefan: What is the product?
Investor question: It's your blazer, right?
Stefan: It is. So last year we had three products. We had two pairs of pants and a blazer. And we added this dress shirt and another pair of pants late in the year.
Investor question: And what’s the innovation?
Panel Investor: And what’s the innovation? They don’t wrinkle, or...?
Stefan: They don’t wrinkle.
Investor question: Can you come over here with your jacket? Can I see it?
Stefan: Right. Here’s what I want you guys to take a look at…
Investor question: What’s so great about this? And what does this cost?
Panel Investor: It looks good. It feels good. Okay, if it was fitted, it’d be great. So tell us about it. What’s so great about this? And what does this cost?
Stefan: Yeah sure. So it’s $295 sold exclusively through Bluffworks.com right now.
Investor question: $295?
Stefan: And what you really need to do is feel the jacket. Because that is 100% polyester.
Stefan: Here’s what we do. We take...
Stefan: We take technical fabrics, and we make them less technical looking, less technical feeling. Our customer wants a classic look and feel… He needs help with his wardrobe. He wants this guidance. He's sort of more of an everyday guy.
Stefan: These are our pants, these are also 100% polyester with mechanical stretch. This is our shirt, which is 98% poly and 2% span. This is a sweater when people feel this, they're like, what's this sweater made out of? It's 100% poly. So the challenge for us, we have some products that will be IP protectable. But many, what we do is it's just an aesthetic that says I want a shirt that's this soft that's going to perform.
Stefan: Should I start with revenue? Is that reasonable. So we don't have any revenue. We're pre-revenue. We got nothing. For everyone else, five years ago we went from 100,000 to 500... He's a pre-revenue guy.
Stefan: 100,000, 500,000, 1.1. We had a brand misstep a year and only grow to 1.3. Love to talk to you guys about that.
Investor question: What was the brand misstep?
Stefan: I hired a New York firm to polish our branding and take me into the world, and they took me out of the brand. And the power of what we do is the authenticity and my authority on travel.
Stefan: Because I’ve cultivated... Everyone who is like...
Stefan: And through Kickstarter, what I've cultivated with our customers, and the way that our new customers, they communicate with us in the same way that our Kickstarter customers do... So yeah, that was a mistake.
Stefan: And then last year we did 2.2 million net on just the three products I described. Two pairs of pants, the blazer.
Investor question: What does it put out in percentage wise at the top there?
Panel Investor: What's the… about the gross margin of the business. That's, to everybody, that's your revenue minus the cost of goods sold. So the cost of making the jacket, or your stuff. What does it put out in percentage wise at the top there?
Stefan: Yeah. So right now we've made every product in New York except for this shirt. All of these products are moving offshore right now.
Investor question: When you say offshore, how offshore?
Stefan: So the cost of goods sold would be 25%. So we make that blazer, even in New York, for $77. Happens to be our best margin product. We move it offshore, we're going to get into the 60s, we sell it for $295. So by moving offshore, the margins will be productive
Investor question: But tell me how this business gets to 20, 40, 50, 60 million, 100 million of revenue?
Panel Investor: Explain to me... As a guy who travels, I think this is a great product. This is really nice. I get it. But again, let's go back to this being a really competitive, narrow margin, tough place, you've got to go offshore for that reason. That's fine. But tell me how this business gets to 20, 40, 50, 60 million, 100 million of revenue? Because until you get real bulk in size, nothing really happens in this space.
Stefan: So the way we're acquiring customers today, when we do a paid customer we spend $49. Last year, we spent $49 to acquire a customer. This year, we're acquiring customers at $56 for an AOV at 233. You winced. Our margin leaves $109 to acquire customers and break even. That's the first thing. The second thing though is we have such a powerful base through travel, word of mouth in travel, people want to talk about it. So at that moment, they have a problem to solve. When they search on travel pants or best travel blazer, they're not looking for one piece. They're at this moment, they've booked a big trip typically, they are more time sensitive, they are less price sensitive.
Stefan: Okay. So first of all, we add products that meet existing demand that we know exists. The second thing is we continue to play in the travel space where we acquire customer and then we keep them back home. The third is, it’s competitive right? So how do we develop notable products? I have a very empathetic approach for our user. So I can think of problems that for example, we’re working on a short which is protectable, that has a fully waterproof pocket. Why can I not have a swim trunk or a short that has a fully waterproof pocket? It drives me crazy. So we have an array of notable products like that. When we put something on Kickstarter, some of which will launch...
Investor question: For the guys?
Stefan: Right? Let’s go a little bit more on product. How do I get to be a $50 million business? We're designing things like a technical, rag sweater, almost like a fisherman's sweater, that has elbow patches. You're like, what? It's almost a little like commando military. It's made out of polyester. You can wash it in the washing machine and it won't pill.
Stefan: A raincoat. What's an elegant men's raincoat that will pack and then you can travel in? It has a few hidden pockets for travel. So that the design.
Investor question: are you an online only? Are you going to go to retail? Are you going to go direct? How are you going to get these travelers?
Investor question: What’s the marketing strategy? Are you doing social media?
Panel Investor: I just need to bring you back to being a little more specific about how we’re going to get that jacket on enough people. are you an online only? Are you going to go to retail? Are you going to go direct? How are you going to get these travelers? Give us a little... Go one level down.
Stefan: Okay. The plan to 50 million is for us acquiring customers online only and being through Bluffworks.com. There’s a point where a lot of digital companies end up adding their own retail store. And we’ve budgeted to add four stores in a couple of the out years. But we’re going to be majority ecommerce. We know, working with our advisors, that we’re going to spend 20% of our net on marketing.
Panel Investor: So direct to consumer? Or are you going on Macys.com or whatever?
Stefan: Direct to consumer. All direct to consumer The last part is, because we have the authenticity of the brand, I can move into other categories which are very popular. I know what’s popular based on data. Fitness, for example, is very, very popular. You see brands just try to reach for fitness. No one is doing fitness for travel. Exactly for our guy that says when you travel here’s the kit. We know that the travel market is big. We're data oriented so I know I can acquire customers. I can grow to even further in the data and we can leverage us being a lifestyle brand, and the efficiency of our acquisition to grow to be really at scale.
Stefan: And travel has so much potential.
Investor question: Can you speak to the same, can you speak to both of those people?
Panel Investor: I keep coming back to - is this a cult brand or an everyman brand? And I think Dollar Shave Club sort of took in a general purpose product and tried to make an everyman-ish brand with a personality. And you’ve got these two distinct customers. You’ve got your backpacker, hard core, I want my life in a small bag for a month, and then you’ve got the business traveler. Can you speak to the same, can you speak to both of those people?
Stefan: You can.
Investor question: And can you actually use some of the social media channels to grow?
Panel Investor: And can you actually use some of the social media channels to grow? Or is this more... Because I think cult brands grow without really loud marketing. So how do you think about Jillian’s question in the context of customer segments?
Stefan: That’s great. You know, the reason I made that brand misstep is because I had a hard time figuring out between these two customers. Is it the 80 year old guy who literally sleeps in his pants overnight to prove to his wife they won’t wrinkle? Or is it the 24 year old backpacker? We can do that a couple of ways. First of all, we know that the brand appeals, has a wide base. The things that they have in common. But second, we can advertise, and we can speak to both of those customers, for example, also by the products we develop. So lightweight blazer. Lots of search instance on a lightweight blazer. This blazer’s lightweight. We’re making an even lighter one, reducing the pockets, to go after that search instance and data. So that could be more of the business traveler guy. We can speak to that.
Stefan: But I know how many other people do.
Investor question: Walk us through how much you're raising and what are you going to do with that cash, and where does that cash bring you to?
Panel Investor: So you’re the product genius. I mean, I always think every founder has one, maybe two superpowers. Based on what I’ve heard, marketing may be not your natural go to move, but product instincts. Because I was wondering, what am I betting on as an investor? And this company hinges on your ability to identify these really interesting travel inspired products.
Stefan: Great. Why am I raising $600,000? We have a model that achieves 24 months of runway, and 24 months of growth based on a million dollars. I am attempting to oversubscribe the round.
Investor question: And you haven’t raised any money to date?
Stefan: We have raised money. So we raised $850,000.
Investor question: What should I expect from that?
Panel Investor: Let me ask you a question. And I ask this a lot. But I want you to tell me what the journey of my money is. So let me give you an example. Let’s say I wrote you, for example, a round number, like a $100,000 check in your $6 million round. Take me, take my 100,000 on a journey. Tell me what happens in how many years. What should I expect from that?
Stefan: The only thing I’d like to do is I’d like to change it to 600,000, just because under the lights I’m going to goof up the math.
Stefan: Thank you. $600,000 at a $6 million valuation is going to be 10% of the company. We’re going to go two years from here. We’re going to be $13 million in revenue. At that point, we’re going to do a series A. That 13 million will be valued, let’s say, it’s on 20. We’re going to raise $2 million, which is 10%. Your equity is going to go down from 10% to 9. I now have to get you a 9x return. So I’ve got to sell the company for 90 million. Apparel companies can do that. You get to 50, especially all ecommerce, we can sell you for 90.
Investor question: 50 million in revenue you have to get to?
Stefan: That's right.
Investor question: Have any of you invested in apparel?
Investor question: have you ever invested in apparel?
Investor question: What’s your gut on this?
Stefan: It’s a good diversification play.
