Joyce: I’m Joyce
Joyce: Nice to meet you.
Joyce: nice to meet you.
Joyce: Well, thanks for having me here. I'm super excited. I'm Joyce, co-founder and CEO of Investrio. I'll take you back to last summer when I'm meeting with Lena. She's an incredible photographer. She's booked out for months and she's even bringing in over $100,000 in revenue. But when I ask her about her numbers, her face just drops. She has receipts everywhere. No real way of tracking expenses. She barely even knows about the $100,000. And the truth is she's also in a bit of credit card debt. Lena's not alone. She's one of 42 million solopreneurs out there facing the same reality. Because tools were built for accountants, not solopreneurs. It’s something I'm familiar with. I grew up in a single parent household. Went to college, got the college debt experience, ended up working on Wall Street for a decade. And learned the tools and tricks to manage money, and that's how I actually became a business coach for women. Through working with Lena and hundreds of others, we helped clear out a million dollars of credit card debt, built a debt tool, went to Techstars only to get there and be like, oh my God, we built the entirely wrong product.
Joyce: That was when Investrio was truly born. We wanted to build the financial team for a solopreneur they could only dream of. Something that's affordable, easy to use, beautiful and supportive. I'd love to show you.
Joyce: So I have it in desktop mode and I have it in app mode.
Panel Investor: So sorry, and maybe your product will clarify this, but when you say you built the wrong product, the initial product you told us about, about clearing out debt, is that the current product or the old product?
Joyce: That's the old product. In speaking with hundreds of women solopreneurs, we saw the debt continuously over and over and over and over again. We started talking to them and understanding, what is it that got you there And then we realized like, this isn't a debt problem, this is an accounting issue.
Joyce: And so we pivoted the business to work on the accounting.
Joyce: But yeah, I'll show you what it looks like.
Joyce: So this is the desktop mode. It looks the same on the app. and you can connect your business and personal finances because that's the reality of a solopreneur. Everything is commingled. We also have Vestie. She's your financial bestie. She helps you with funding, finding deductions, understanding your taxes. Eventually we want her to be your CFO. She's trained like a financial advisor and more. So down here you get all of your insights on your business, and then you get to see all the invoices too. And then if you go to transactions, we already did the bookkeeping for the user automatically based on the connections that they're putting in. we'll do the first layer.
Panel Investor: Is that just with like plaid or whatever
Joyce: Correct. Yeah. Plaid. And then on top of it, our own proprietary algorithm. If you click on “in and out,” you'll see that, is it a business expense? Is it with a team or is it with a client? Therefore, you'll learn that it's a deductible at 50% or a hundred You'll get to see details on budget, you'll get to see your invoices, so there's a way to get paid through it. This helps users get all of their finances in one place, but when tax time comes down to, you know, it's April 14th, you can download all your receipts and file your taxes really simple because it's all already connected. You download your P&Ls and you have a high level overview of everything that's going on.
Panel Investor: And, uh, so right now, what are these solopreneurs using? Are they using QuickBooks or-
Joyce: Yeah
Panel Investor: Nothing?
Joyce: Um, so in building the product and in pivoting, we built a massive community of women solopreneurs. The majority of them were not using anything. Those tools are built for accountants. And a lot of the new incoming products are built for tech founders, or other founders who are already making over a hundred thousand dollars. And so the tools that are coming out are not really fit for the solopreneur, who's maybe a photographer, a therapist, an artist. So back to Lena, one of the reasons she got into so much trouble was she doesn't even know how to use Excel. So it's not like she's sitting there and, and doing all of her finances like maybe all of us would do. and then the tools that are existing aren't really fit or easy to use.
Joyce: We've seen some of them, we've seen them using Rocket Money or long live Mint. Um, and, uh, when some of those tools either don't really facilitate on their business side it no longer becomes applicable. So when we built Investrio, we put six tools in one. So from the budgeting tools, from the business tools, the accounting tools, the invoice tools, the reporting tools, everything is in one place. And then it just looks different because it has that agentic flavor and Vestie's trained as a CFO.
Investor question: Can you name a few of the differences between those?
Joyce: Yeah, so I'll start with the obvious, which is price. So some of the new incumbents are coming in and they're supporting the higher end solopreneur who's already making over a hundred thousand dollars. But their reality is they're making $65,000 on average, a solopreneur. And so they can't afford $200 a month.
Joyce: For a tool that acts like a bookkeeper and a CFO. Investrio comes in at $20 a month, so we’re, we're building this for the greater majority.
Investor question: Like how did you even get those customers?
Panel Investor: So Joyce, I think it's a great problem, and just the gap in financial literacy with female entrepreneurs versus just regular entrepreneurs is, there's a market. Talk to me about customer traction right now. Like, what's working, what's not? Like how did you even get those customers?
Joyce: Yeah. I started building Investrio in public on social media. Sharing my own personal finance journey, how I got out of student loan debt, started investing. That's how I started attracting the business owners as customers.
Investor question: Are you a TikTok star?
Joyce: I'm not a TikTok star.
Joyce: I'm a millennial.
Joyce: So Instagram. I mean, we have 10,000 followers across platforms and you know, we're building this in public and sharing our journeys as founders as well, because we see a lot of cross connection with the women that are watching us and using the platform. And through that we ran this experiment once in New York City when we were mid pivot. Laura puts out on Threads, hey, any women entrepreneurs, solopreneurs wanna hang out and get coffee. And we get a hundred women to respond. And so we started hosting coffee meetups in New York City. So we organically started building a community in real life for the women entrepreneurs. Building this community has helped us get, our first few clients, we launched the app about five weeks ago and we're just close to 500 users. And now we're starting to see them converting into paying users. So we're just about to reach $5,000 in ARR. We're seeing the community that we've nurtured, supported, They're also coming back and, and showing us the support. And it's awesome.
Investor question: What are you seeing with those customers? Like how often are they checking in? Like what are they engaging with? What's the killer piece of the stack?
Panel Investor: So it sounds like five weeks, and I know that's really early, and I assume you had some beta testers. What are you seeing with those customers? Like how often are they checking in? Like what are they engaging with? What's the killer piece of the stack?
Joyce: Yeah, so we're seeing that the bookkeeping tool actually is so quick and efficient and it's getting better.
Joyce: We built such trust with our users. Because they're connecting all of their finances, personal business, mixed credit cards, you name it, like on average, two to three cards. And we're seeing that it's enhancing the model, it's making it better, but we're seeing that translate to clear analytics and stats to them. and they can make data driven decisions.
Panel Investor: I was gonna ask you a similar question, just like what separates in the early days, the people who get it and engage and the people who are like, I'd imagine a lot of people aspirationally are like, oh, I need this. And then they sign up and don't, do you have a sense of like, what, what are the, the characteristics of the people for whom it really does lead to behavior change?
Joyce: Yeah. So there are a lot of wantrepreneurs who are just getting started.
Joyce: And we get it like, come on in, join our coffee meetups, see what it's like. We're happy to entertain your ideas, talk about it, support you in however we can. And then there are those who are actually making money. There's taxes at the end of the year.
Joyce: You have to file your taxes, right? You have to keep your books clean and organized.
Joyce: Correct. 25.
Investor question: What are, what are they?
Joyce: Yeah. We've been playing with the paywall for two weeks.
Joyce: So we changed it from a very aggressive
Joyce: Uh, we have cool tools. Uh, so we, we changed it from very aggressive, like once you land, get the paywall. Cause it, you didn't get to see the experience to like now within the tools, and you see the tool and you're like, 10 things need to be categorized. You click on it, paywall. Okay, well I guess I'll do it. Seven day trial for free, and then $20, two, no-brainer. Right, because it comes with this community access to funding access to Vestie, which is the chatbot, and the entrepreneurs who get it get it
Joyce: They need it.
Joyce: And, and they see Laura and I, my co-founder, I hope you get to meet her outside, like we look like them.
Investor question: Can you talk a little bit about your team?
Panel Investor: Can you talk a little bit about your team? I guess that's a good segue.
Joyce: Sure. Mm-hmm.
Investor question: How do you and Laura know each other? What's her background?
Joyce: Yeah.
Joyce: So we met online on Tinder for co-founders, also known as the YC Co-Founder Match
Joyce: And Laura was living in London at the time. She was actually a VC. She also had a business on the side. She was a solopreneur. And she had a cactus handbag company and she kept seeing the same kind of people getting invested on, and ideas, et cetera. And she was like, I want to, I wanna be part of something cooler. And I had to put my profile out there and I was like, Hey, I'm all about empowering minorities, Latinos, women, like whoever wants to join me on this mission, I'm already doing it, blah, blah, blah. And so we matched and she came to meet me. And long story short, she quit her job, moved to New York, and we became roommates.
Joyce: So we lived together half a year. We also wear matching colors a lot.
Investor question: Can you talk about your product roadmap?
Joyce: Sure. So today the product is still very lean. I do see opportunities for us to get into embedded financial products. So we've gotten the question of, can I get paid through the app? And today is, yes, we connect with Zelle, Stripe, PayPal, Venmo, any of the platforms, but there are better ways to do that. we're also seeing demand for potentially loans. But big picture is, we want to support the solopreneur to grow. And so I think there's multiple ways to go there, whether it's through financing them, whether it's through building this system of record for the solopreneur so that they can go to the bank and get a loan. The reason we saw so many of the women getting in credit card debt was 'cause they were putting it all in their personal cards. 29% APR. Right. And now you get into this financial trouble because you didn't know you had to build business credit to get a credit card, to get, you know, the cameras or, or the supplies, the mics or whatever you need. And so it's about building that system of record that supports them on their financial journey to being a better business owner.
Panel Investor: Are there any business types that don't work in Investrio
Joyce: Yeah, so we have the demand for CPG and we have the demand for tech founders. That is a different level of accounting and support, like connecting to Shopify and connecting to e-commerce. We're also seeing incredible demand from bookkeepers and accountants. So it just so happens that a lot of bookkeepers are women And they see this as a way to bring their customers into a tool they actually like that is easy for them to use. And they have asked us, can you build us something to support us? Because everybody's getting an upgrade, right? Like the bookkeeper becomes an advisor in a way. And so we've built a little prototype there, but that's something that we see as a huge opportunity for growth in the future.
Investor question: How do you think about customer acquisition at scale, especially given your price point?
Panel Investor: Mm-hmm. How do you think about customer acquisition at scale, especially given your price point? And I know you'll be experimenting to figure out what works, but just like directionally.
Joyce: Yeah, I think the community is the, essentially, first part that we've been able to experiment. and the fact that we've done it all organically with zero marketing budget is essentially a way to prove that yes, we can get the eyes, then we can get them to come in, continue to build that trust. And they essentially, they become customers. once we have budget, we'd love to create more campaigns, actually invest in the marketing. And I think there are other ways, like the B2B is a huge opportunity. On average, a bookkeeper has 10 to 20 customers. And so by building this B2B partnership we're leveraging their trust into the platform
Investor question: How do they feel about this? Do they end up using QuickBooks and this, like, how, how does this kind of fit in with their, their workflow?
Joyce: You wouldn't need QuickBooks
Investor question: How do they feel about this? Do they end up using QuickBooks and this, like, how, how does this kind of fit in with their, their workflow?
Joyce: You wouldn't need QuickBooks if we built this B2B platform alongside the accountant and the bookkeeper. Which is how we're doing it anyways. and it becomes an affordable replacement. we've been building this alongside the bookkeepers and accountants to make sure, like, is this the tool and the platform that can support your business growth as well? And also your user enjoys using it. So at the end of the day, if they don't use it, then you still end up with messy books.
Investor question: Can I circle back on your go-to market?
Panel Investor: Can I circle back on your go-to market? So I heard D2C and potentially B2B, with this use of funds, like where are you gonna lean in?
Joyce: The direct to consumer is where we focus primarily on.
Joyce: Because that's what we could afford and, and ultimately was working organically. And so we want to continue that path. So we're raising to get to our first 10,000 paying customers.
Investor question: Have either you or your co-founder had any direct to consumer experience?
Joyce: Between her fashion product that ended up in major retailers in the UK, that's her experience. My experience in the past is, I used to work at a FinTech called Quantitative Brokers. I was the head of marketing there, and growth, and we built trading algorithms for fixed income. So my background was in trading at Goldman Sachs. Then, went to automate my job at Quantitative Brokers. Ended up growing that company all the way to acquisition by Deutsche Borsa Group.
Joyce: So my experience is in B2B traditional marketing. And growth and sales. And Laura brings that direct to consumer retail experience. So in a way no. But also, yes.
Panel Investor: Back to the product. even with your categorization and tagging, like how much effort is required by the end user to get to a good outcome?
Joyce: So when you download the app, you pick two colors. A personal and a business color. Super simple. You connect the accounts and you connect as personal business or mixed because that's the reality. And once we are able to take that data in, we do the first pass of the algorithm.
Investor question: What's the history on fundraising?
Joyce: Yeah, so we took the Techstars deal, and we raised $75,000 from angels and we bootstrapped, So very lean.
Investor question: And so what are you trying to raise now?
Panel Investor: And so what are you trying to raise now? And at what terms?
Joyce: Yes. So we're raising a million dollars and we'd like to open this round here today. and I'd be open to the conversation on the terms.
Joyce: Right. No, I completely acknowledge it, and I think part of it is we can start at $20 a month and this is what's working today and I see the opportunity to file taxes or talking to a CPA, that should be at an additional cost. And I think those are additional services that solopreneurs are willing to pay for. and I agree organic content is not free. We take a lot of time to edit and create. It's worked so far and it has helped us build this community. And I think the community element is a huge part of the go-to-market. It's, it's really how we would build trust.
Investor question: Is it an order of magnitude higher? How, how much do you think they can afford to put to work with you?
Panel Investor: To Elizabeth's point though, like what, given sort of some of the things you mentioned about like, there being some kind of ceiling on what these folks can pay based, just based on what they make, how should we think about like the ceiling on what you could generate from these folks on an annualized basis? 'cause the 240, if they subscribe for the whole year, you get the 240, but is the ceiling double that? Is it an order of magnitude higher? How, how much do you think they can afford to put to work with you?
Joyce: The answer is, I'm not sure.
Joyce: And I think that's something we need to continue to explore. we see them paying on average an accountant from lower end, 1200 to 2000 a year. To file the personal and business taxes together. that's what they're already paying, doesn't mean that's what they should be paying, or they continue to pay.
