Tiffany: Good morning everyone! I am Tiffany Dufu. My life’s work is advancing women and girls. And that’s why I feel really lucky to be a founder and CEO of The Cru. How many have you ever had a goal that you fully intended to achieve, but you didn’t? Everybody? Okay. Well, I Have good news for you. It turns out that you’re not alone. It’s because sometimes this thing called life gets in the way. And this is particularly true for really busy working women who are often juggling the demands of their careers, of life. Now, how many of you know what the most powerful lever is that you could pull if you actually want to achieve a goal? Yes, Charles.
Tiffany: Ah! It’s called The Cru. That was a very...
Tiffany: Yes, yes. It’s accountability to other people.
Panel Investor: Yeah.
Sheel
: What do you get by being in The Cru?
Tiffany: Ah, so you get a badass group of women who are going to help you to achieve your goals. The way that The Cru works is you apply to become a member of The Cru, and our algorithm matches you with nine other women in your city. The ten of you then become a cru, and you collaborate to meet your life goals together both online and in person.
Elizabeth: How do you do the matching?
Tiffany: So we have two parts of the process. The first is a matchability screening. So we need to first determine is she matchable to begin with?
Jennifer: What does that mean, you’re matchable?
Tiffany: There are a couple of core questions that we're asking with the screening. One is, do the goals that she has and the barriers that she cites, are they within the scope of The Cru? Every once in a while someone will apply to The Cru and we’ll say, well, what are your goals? And she’ll say something like, well I need to find Mr or Mrs Right and fall in love and get married. And we would argue that, you know, there might be other places where you could go…
Tiffany: ... to achieve that. And then when it's time to actually do the matching, we're matching women who are the same level professionally in their lives. We’re really looking for peers, not mentors. And who have a really robust set of diverse factors going on. So women from different industries, women with different family configurations. And we look at race, ethnicity. But it's really important, one of the most highest values of The Cru for our members right now is I wouldn't have ever met a group of women like this if I had left it up to my social group or just my job or my career.
Tiffany: Once we do that, they get an email that says, we found your cru. If you want to join, click here, you’re going to pay the $499. And then we give them the date where they’re going to meet the other members of their cru.
Sheel: What are the goals that people are trying to reach?
Tiffany: Oh so many. I want to get a mentor this year. I want to ask for a promotion this year. I want to get 500 more Instagram followers this year. I want to spend more time with my kids. I need to lose 10 pounds. Two of the members needed to file for divorce this year. They run the gamut.
Charles: What do you think is the balance between personal and professional development for the target cru member?
Tiffany: Right now it’s about 50/50. And the average age of an applicant was 39. So they are largely Gen X women. They’ve ... They’re very accomplished but they are now taking care of more people at home and more people at work, and they’ve kind of lost track of themselves.
Panel Investor: So what have you learned in those first early adopters?
Tiffany: Yeah. So if you look at the women who have made the most progress, those are the same ones who have attended all of their gatherings. They're the same ones who cite that I connected with a cru member in between. And that they've been engaging with them on some other messaging platform. So what happened was that when we introduced The Crus to one another, they all hopped on something. WhatsApp, Facebook, some of them are on Slack. And we didn't build messaging into the first platform, but we want to integrate that experience to make it more seamless for them. And to support them.
David: What are the barriers these days to get an individual to find another messaging app?
Panel Investor: What are the barriers these days to get an individual to find another messaging app? Or to have another place to have different conversations with a different subset of people?
Tiffany: So, I mean, what you’re implying is the reason why I didn’t build messaging, okay. And Porter Bayne, our CTO, will say I told you so. When he first suggested that we build messaging, I said, that’s silly. I said, these women are really busy, Porter. They really don’t have time to be talking to one another constantly. I was totally wrong about that, David. The first thing that they wanted to do was talk to one another. Women want to communicate with each other. And I feel like for this platform specifically that we need to build it and that it’s going to be really important.
Panel Investor: So I feel like right now is a really amazing moment for women. There’s a lot of organizations and groups and products being directed towards professional women, actually. And so at my women’s angel breakfast, I can think one of your investors, told us about your company. And we had a lively discussion. And are people part of multiple products, would you say? Or what’s your differentiation in this kind of excitingly crowded space right now?
Tiffany: Yeah. So as you can imagine, I don’t perceive half the population as being one tiny demographic. I think there’s lots of room for all of the players. There are three things that are happening right now that are fueling, I think, the success of The Cru. One of them is what you mentioned, this kind of rise in women’s consciousness and empowerment. The second, though, is this racial demographic shift in our country 52% of the women who applied to The Cru were women of color. And so one of the kind of aspects of The Cru that people really love and appreciate is the texture and the robustness of the diversity of The Cru. The third though is this backlash against social media. So I do see The Cru as, in a lot of ways, the future of social networking. One day you’ll be at a cocktail party and someone will say, how do you know this person? And they’ll say, well, she’s in my cru. And people will know what that is.
Panel Investor: Tiffany, where do you see this product or this company going in the next say five years? So right now you have 100 cru members. But where do you see this going?
Tiffany: So five years from now we’re at 200,000 members.
Tiffany: So that gets us to 100 million. But what’s happening is that companies are reaching out. we’re already starting to partner with companies who want to leverage The Cru to retain and advance the women that are in their ranks. So we’re doing two models. One of them is where we curate crus inside of a company. I’m really fascinated to see how that can potentially work. The other is a company essentially gifting a cru membership, almost like a gym membership. We’ve brought on Morgan Stanley and Disney as our founding partners. And we charge more for that experience. It’s $1800.
Panel Investor: And what are the terms of this raise?
Tiffany: It’s a one million raise. It’s a 4 million cap, 20% discount. And that’s post money. It’s a great deal.
Panel Investor: If somebody is in a cru, so this is a cru of ten women, right. And they want, those ten women like each other, want to continue on, why would they pay again the next year?
Tiffany: part of the reason why they want to continue is one, all of their data and all of their engagement with one another is on, lives on our platform. The second is that the women are also very interested not just in the women who are in their cru, but the other members of the constellation. We call ourselves a constellation of women. So our hypothesis is that if The Cru is actually helping you to move your life forward, you'll want to renew your membership in The Cru. So we’ve got a group of women who are about ten months into their cru journey. We’ve already sent out a survey to ask them their propensity to renew. Half of them have responded. 73% of them say I want to renew my membership in The Cru.
David: Do you have a strategy to overcome that potentially in the future, where there's a barrier to getting a $500 fee up front?
Panel Investor: Do you have a strategy to overcome that potentially in the future, where there's a barrier to getting a $500 fee up front? A freemium model, or any kind of trial or exposure to the platform?
Tiffany: So for the first year that you join The Cru, the $499 is actually important not just for our business purposes, but for the culture of The Cru. So when the women meet one another, one of the things that they say is, I'm really happy that everyone paid 499. Because that's the only way that we can deliver on the brand promise that we're matching you with a group of women that are committed Now in terms of renewals, I can see a future in which it's a monthly payment. We can be more flexible. But I think to start, everyone's got to pay that 499 up front.
Jennifer: What I love about is the simplicity of actually not having a physical anything, right.
