Investor question: Hi, how are you? Iñaki: How are you?
Investor question: Hi
Iñaki: How are you guys?
Investor question: Where is this? And organizing 9 billion people is gonna be very complicated, right? If you proactively know how to read your utility invoice, and do you actually check it every single month or just pay it away?
Investor question: So do you want to see what we have built?
Investor question: I guess one question that I have is: when you make recommendations, where is that, because I think we all conceptually understand, we use a lot of energy sometimes and we don't use much energy at other times, but how do you kind of solve that in here?
Investor question: And so how are you getting that level of insight how do you know what I'm deducting then or not from my taxes? Or how do you know, the sensor data if you're not pulling that in?
Investor question: And how are you logging into all the utilities? Like do they, like all through APIs using people's credentials or are you doing it more scrappily?
Investor question: Can you gimme a sense of what the net economic impact, so you have six months of work saved, but what are some of the size of the deductions, that money that people are leaving on the table? Can you quantify some of that?
Investor question: How are you acquiring these customers? How are you doing sales and go to market?
Investor question: So now I guess, where are you with your customers? Like how many do you have?
Investor question: What's the model, the pricing model, and, and what's the average, how are they paying? Eventually when we start embedding the software, they lacked of predictability, right?
Investor question: And once somebody has figured out all their leaks, and obviously there are more leaks that show up, but like, are there sort of diminishing returns for a client? I mean, once we maximize like their efficiency, what's the upsell? If we can create that workflow and we get a cut out of it?
Investor question: Which one are you going to do? Who do you think is the best customer of where you're gonna be spending time?
Investor question: Can you share a story in your go to market that confirms that thesis?
Investor question: What did you sort of pitch them? What, what really hooked them?
Investor question: And who did you do that to?
Investor question: Like what kind of person-
Iñaki: Who the ICP was?
Investor question: And what I did was ask for help, right? So it was like, Hey, Iñaki, I hope that you can help me out, reach out to the person who is doing this? Do you know who that might be?
Investor question: But ultimately, who is the decision maker from your learnings?
Investor question: So it's strictly a money decision?
Investor question: The payback is ridiculous, right?
Investor question: What's preventing you from going to CFOs in your go to market? The outcome can be huge for everybody, so why don't we just try it out?
Investor question: Can you talk us through the longer term software? Now what do I do after? I'm like, great, I, would I call you?
Investor question: But just to be clear, you have not yet tried the success fee model, right?
Investor question: And they said yes?
Investor question: Iñaki, can you talk a little bit about your background? Like if we talk about before the company, what were you doing?
Investor question: And are they investors in this business? Do you?
Investor question: So, you said that you were doing cold outreach, but how many of these companies came in because of the warm relationship with this consultant?
Investor question: And, and so all of these sales came in during that time or no?
Investor question: Just the first one?
Investor question: And when was all of this?
Investor question: Is when you were working at the consulting company?
Investor question: Which one?
Investor question: Like what, what are you raising right now?
Investor question: And what are the terms?
Investor question: Can I ask you an A-hole-ish question?
Investor question: Can I ask you an A-hole-ish question?
Investor question: What do you think some of the challenges were in why the revenue is relatively low given the time period?
Investor question: And I'm also trying to understand, like, do these customers just move very slow? And by reaching out first to the chief sustainability officer, we have to knock a lot of doors, right?
Investor question: Talk to me about the, the competitive moat and landscape? Is there a world in which someone else could build the same API integrations? And, and, and do the calls of data, correlate against public records, and generate the same output?
Investor question: Because one of the things that have happened is like, okay, I have all of this data, to whom should I reach out to?
