Xiao: Good morning. I'm Xiao.
Xiao: All right. Good morning everyone. My name is Xiao Wang and I'm the co-founder and CEO of Boundless. In 1989, I came over to this country with my parents from China. And when we first came over, we spent almost five months of rent money on an immigration lawyer because the stakes were so high and we had no idea if we were doing it right. in the 30 years since I went through this journey, the only thing that's changed in this industry are that legal fees have gone up, and there are 10 times as many immigration lawyers in this country. And about a year and a half ago I started asking a question of why?
Xiao: And so I felt so compelled that I had to create Boundless to be the first trusted and positive brand in an industry that hasn't changed in generations. So I'm looking for $3 million and the right partners who want to dramatically improve the lives of millions of families accelerating our growth trajectory, and actually winning an industry.
Investor question: Can you maybe give us a sense of the actual product?
Panel Investor: That's great. Can you maybe give us a sense of the actual product?
Xiao: Yeah. So what we do is... We are the first trusted partner for people, as I said, for people through the entire process So on our application, through our website, they can get all their information, upload all their appropriate documents, in an exceptionally short amount of time. Afterwards, they actually have an independent lawyer who reviews these information
Xiao: Our first product is marriage green cards. So you are a US citizen or green card holder, and you fall in love with someone who's not, and you either want to bring them to the country or keep them in the country. And so we complete the G-11-45, the I-45, I8-64, I8-130, I7-65 and I1-31.
Panel Investor: You said this is your first product? Is this the only product so far?
Xiao: This is the only product so far.
Investor question: How do the categories kind of play out?
Panel Investor: How do the categories kind of play out? Like marriage green card, what is that as a percent of the market?
Xiao: So there are 400,000 marriage green card applications a year. We charge a $500 fee for our service. So that means, this is a $200 million market, which is interesting, but not huge. And the reason why I love this market to start, is because of three primary factors. One is there's no artificial cap or delay. This is the fastest process. So on average, it takes seven to 13 months. I'm really excited because last week we had two people actually get their green cards already. So we can actually show success much quicker.
Investor question: And how many have you had? How many customers have you had on this product so far?
Xiao: So we've had a little over 150, since we launched in September. So we've been growing 50% month over month in terms of number of customers.
Xiao: At $500
Investor question: So can you stop for a second and talk about the actual math and the business here?
Panel Investor: So can you stop for a second and talk about the actual math and the business here? Talk to us about this $500. What's the gross margin here? How does this scale to be a really big business? I mean, the numbers you've put forward so far don't seem to indicate that this is an investable big business. It's great what you're doing, but I'm trying to find a reason to invest.
If you haven’t noticed by now, Michael is, let’s say... the
least
sentimental of our investor panel. He wants to see the cold, hard numbers and understand just how a business is going to make him money.
Xiao: if you look at the category just in the US, there are 2 million total green card and naturalization applications a year. There are about 12 million non-immigrant applications a year. So those are like work visas, travel visas, student visas, etc. There is close to a million employment-based green cards and processes. that's about a $4 billion pure transactional market that we can address. Just in the US. And then you think about this as a platform for going from country to country, then you take a couple of multiples on that for the rest of the world.
Investor question: What does that leave you?
Panel Investor: Again, I want to go back to the math question. The $500 fee that you're charging the person to come over, once you run that through money you pay the legal review, money you pay... What does that leave you?
Xiao: Yeah, so... right now, what we're on track to be able to do is to get our customer acquisition cost down to about $125, And then the legal review, it's going to be under one hour, and we're paying our outside counsel $40 - 50 an hour.
Investor question: So but what is it now? What is your cost of acquisition right now?
Xiao: So as of now, so out of $500, our customer acquisition cost is a little over $400.
Investor question: $400 dollars?
Panel Investor: At $500, you're not even close to making any kind of profit on an individual basis, right? So you might be charging 500 and it's costing you 700 right now. 800?
Xiao: I would say that it's...That's about right.
Investor question: Why 500 then? Why not at least cover your basic costs?
Investor question: How did you come up with the $500 price point?
Panel Investor: Let's hear. How did you come up with the $500 price point?
Xiao: So when I first started, before I built the product, I created a separate company that was just pitching the set of value props, and the set of services at different price points. And the $500 point was where it was the highest price that I was setting with the level of interest that we have. But I want to maybe take a step back here and talk about this not as a business model unit economics story for today, as opposed to where I want to go.
Xiao: I'm trying to build the world's largest data set of immigrants that no one else has. And to do that, we're focused on how do we acquire customers? And how do we delight the shit out of them? And then after that, then is when we can start bringing in all of these other products, because they already trust us and they already come to us on a regular basis for information.
Investor question: Did you say delight the shit out of them?
Xiao: Yeah.
Investor question: Have you increased the price ever?
Xiao: From $500? We have not yet. So we haven't done any experiments on the price side. But I wanna say this is what is exciting about... we do the first green card right now. In two years, they have to go from a conditional to a permanent green card. Which is another transaction. And then a year after that, they can do naturalization, which is another transaction. There's no reason they would go to anyone else for their future applications because they have to start from scratch again.
Investor question: What does that buy us? What is that for?
Panel Investor: Talk to us about the $3 million. What does that buy us? What is that for?
Xiao: So this is what I’m saying about about a very unique opportunity in time. Traditionally, and I'm just being honest here, I have $2 million in the bank. I raised a seed round last April. I have most of the round still. this would be a very different conversation if we had this in 8 months when I said, okay, like we're making a lot of money, we have a couple of thousand customers, we already signed up a few partnerships and contracts. Help me scale. And I think that's the original intention in this type of conversation. But what is really exciting is that we're in this singular moment right now. And this moment might not exist 8 months from now.
Investor question: Or you raised more than that?
Panel Investor: Okay. Slow down. You've raised $2 million. That's in the bank. Or you raised more than that?
Xiao: I raised more.
Investor question: How much more have you raised?
Panel Investor: Okay. How much more have you raised?
Xiao: So I raised 3.5.
Investor question: How long does 2 million last you on your current plan?
Panel Investor: 3.5 million, you spent 1.5. How long does 2 million last you on your current plan?
Xiao: Through early next year.
Investor question: What's the thesis around the raise? Why raise now? And why dilute yourself more?
Xiao: To kind of to your question, which is why I think it's a very timely moment in this industry, where if the net goal is that I'm going to be the brand in immigration, right, so I want to own the entire space. And I want at every community potluck, piano recital, like wherever people are, and immigrants gather in very tight-knit communities, and they always talk about immigration, I always want Boundless to be in that conversation. And to get there, this moment right now where people are green card holders, are being deported, and being rescinded, and the administration is expanding the definition of who no longer qualifies for a green card or can lose their green card, there's a huge amount of anxiety and uptick. Naturalization applications are up 30%. People really want to move forward in this process. There are 9 million people who are eligible to naturalize and don't. And when they did a nationwide survey they found that over 60% was because they had no information about how to naturalize. And that's like exactly what we do.
Panel Investor: I couldn't agree more with everything Daniel said. In fact, I just think your approach to this is very smart, very well thought out. You're right in that this is a relationship business, and I see... Normally I focus on KPIs today. But I see huge opportunities for lifetime LTV in this, both through additional immigration services and wraparound services and other things that you can do with the data. It's a data play. And there's a lot of value there. And it's a data play, but it's also a relationship play right? The relationships that you're building with these folks can lead to a lot So I think that's very smart. I'd like to invest as well. I really have a great feeling about you. And I just like your approach. And I'd like to invest.
Xiao: Sounds great. Really appreciate it.
