Cyan: Are you sure?
Chad: Hey, I'm Chad.
Chad: Great to meet you.
Chad: Chad, nice to meet you.
Chad: Great to meet you, Elizabeth. Chad.
Chad: Mac? Chad. Nice to meet you.
Chad: Jesse.
Chad: Chad, nice to meet you. Hey folks. Hey. How's it going? Good to meet y'all. So, I'm Chad Wilson, founder and CEO of ImmersionEd, where we build realistic learning video games for skill development. When I was a high school history teacher, the most common thing I heard on day one was, history is boring. This always kind of pissed me off. History is the subject of thousands of movies, video games, television shows. As you can probably already tell, I grew up a total history nerd. I was the kid picking up coffee table books in his free time. I learned through games like Oregon Trail, majored in history in college, studied abroad for it. And through that, I got really hands on with the content in a way that enabled me to develop the skills that I needed in my career. Most people don't get that. Most people get the gym teacher reading straight from the textbook. And so when I was in college, I created a seven year career plan to build the right background to do something to change that dynamic. That plan was to do a couple years investment banking at Morgan Stanley first, build a broad business background. Then I taught for a few years, world history at a high school level, which I'd always wanted to do and enabled me to get hands on with the pain point and come up with solution. Things clicked for me, though. When I was teaching remotely during the pandemic and one of my favorite students, Cairo says, yo, Mr. Wilson, I already know this from playing Assassin's Creed. And so I started doing Twitch streams where I'd play the games, lecturing, asking questions with the 400 kids on an ongoing basis to bring it to life for them. And they ate it up. Literally wanted to do it for fun. I was like, alright, we have something here, but it's not ad hoc Twitch streams. That's not the way you make impact en mass. Thus, ImmersionEd was born. Our award winning game development team builds realistic learning video games for skill development. And we're initially focused on history with 20 minute episodes that immerse you in historical worlds and expose you to varied perspectives. Since launching, we've surveyed thousands of schools and found that 94 percent want to use our games. From that group, we selected 50 for our pilot program this past school year, and participating students showed that they viewed our games as 40 percent more engaging than their traditional coursework. Beyond that, 95 percent of the teachers indicated they want to pay for access this year and have begun the payment process. Best of all though, yesterday we launched to a network of 35,000 schools through our affiliate. So we're raising a $1.5 million pre seed round to reach 4.5 million in annualized recurring revenue by the end of 2025. So help us help teachers, help us shape the future of learning.
Panel Investor: Yeah, can we see the demo?
Chad: Yeah.
Panel Investor: I want to know from you, what is your favorite period of history?
Chad: Oh my gosh, that's always so tough.
Chad: I have that too. Favorite's gotta be - so my major was specialized in early modern European history and then I did an entire minor in classical Greek history. And then I hated Byzantine history because you - the art never changed. It was always the same because they weren't really viewing it as art, it was for religious purposes. And I spent a week in museums only looking to that, and so that's become my least favorite. But it's got a special place in my heart.
Chad: And yeah, the voice is mine there.
Chad: So essentially it's a whole open world RPG. So everything is immersive. You are walking around colonial Boston accurately historically recreated. You're interacting, and the key here is this: you're always in our games choosing sides and analyzing different perspectives and making decisions. So it's really not just about content. It's about skill development here. So it's always you trying to find evidence to back up what you believe to be true, and parsing out where bias may lie in the perspectives that you're hearing.
Chad: Yeah.
Chad: Totally get it.
Mac: Can you talk us a little bit about how that got built?
Panel Investor: With that being said, that was a very impressive looking game. Can you talk us a little bit about how that got built?
Chad: Yeah. So for us, we're really focused on using the most cutting edge and streamlined approaches to make sure that we're really efficient, time wise and capital wise, when we're building these games. So we use Unreal Engine 5. Then we use pre-made digital assets, where available. There are orphaned games out there that we can adopt. And then we look to use generative AI wherever possible for creating assets in the most efficient way. Our whole process is guided by our lead advisor, Alex Seropian. So he's the founder of Bungie, creator of Halo. He's one of the most acclaimed game developers ever. And so that's kind of like the ethos behind how we, we build.
Chad: Yeah.
Mac: Is it considered historically accurate compared to the textbooks the students are using or to actual history?
Panel Investor: And so this is supposed to go into school settings. Is it considered historically accurate compared to the textbooks the students are using or to actual history? Because what we know is that a lot of the information we get in some of our textbooks isn't actually accurate.
Chad: Yeah.
Panel Investor: So then for a game like that, is this supposed to be tied to the curriculum or tied to actual fact?
Chad: So I'd say it's, it's nice that it can actually do both. Kind of like at a high level, I'd say we align with the AP US and AP world exams when it comes to like the skills you need, particularly perspective analysis is a major aspect. This is not a textbook. And actually there's a reason teachers are moving away from textbooks. 40 percent of history teachers don't use a textbook at all, across all grades. And there's a reason for that. To what you're pointing out there, Mac, is that history textbooks show one version of history. And that's not how history is. There's lots of perspectives and it's constantly evolving over time. And that's what's great about our games, is we don't choose sides in our games. Instead, we show you all the different perspectives, the primary sources. It's up to you to come to your own conclusions. So in this game, for instance, you're exposed to the British soldier perspective, the Bostonian colonist perspective. And you have to sift through these perspectives and feel out, who do I trust? What's the real truth here? That's what real historians do. That's what we're constantly doing as we get to new versions of what is considered the truth about history.
Charles: What does the content pipeline look like for producing each episode or each new game?
Chad: Absolutely. So right now, it takes around a month and a half to build an episode, currently. And so that translates to around $40,000 per 20 minute episode. And so our break even point is around 15 to 20,000 students.
Jesse: Can you talk a little bit about the business model and the dollars you're going after.
Panel Investor: Can you talk a little bit about the business model and the dollars you're going after. You said, they're not buying textbooks, but I would imagine there's, in some States, there's certain books they can buy, certain books they can't buy. So how do you sort of fit in in those various places, into their budgets?
Chad: Yeah. So there's two spots here. One spot is traditional history curriculum dollars, and two and a half billion dollars per year are spent on history textbooks. Secondarily, beyond that traditional history payment, is this growing skill development space. 50 percent of schools are spending - expecting to spend more next year than they did this school year on skill development. And this has become a focus with 17 states in the last decade, adopting what they're calling portrait of a graduate requirements focused on life skills. And then when we're looking at where the direct decision maker, when we're first making these purchases, comes from - So the nice thing is, right now we have two games, each three episodes, that are 20 minutes long. So three 20 minute episodes. Because we don't have the entire curriculum built out. It enables us actually not to go to the district level for approval. Right now, the money's coming from discretionary budget. It is school building level. And so these processes are much faster than the traditional school sales cycle. They're frequently done within a week.
Cyan: What keeps you up at night about this business?
Chad: Hmm. That's a good question. I mean, for me, I think it's making sure that we do the best job possible with this upcoming broad launch. We've worked with these 50 schools, we're now expecting to work with thousands of schools this fall. And so making sure that we have the right support systems in place to really make sure that is amazing and as incredible of an experience for them as our pilot schools experienced. And so that's kind of what keeps me up at night.
Jesse: Is it - are you a film studio?
Panel Investor: What does this business look like at scale? So fast forward five, 10 years from now, you know, today, it sounds like it's a publisher and you're going out to a very specific audience, very specific set of dollars but you know, at scale, is this thousands of episodes a year. Is it - are you a film studio? You know, it's sort of, What does that look like? And part of the reason I ask is just how should we think about the value of this business over time?
Chad: No, totally agreed. And that's a great question and one I'd love to answer. So for us -
Chad: So ultimately, for the next 2 years or so, we're going to be focused on history. Covering all the years of world and US history, we'll be able to do that in around two years to the extent that I believe is necessary for schools. And then we're going to have collected all this unique data about granular decision points for students over time, and collecting teacher feedback that we're going to be able to utilize that data to expand into other markets. So, for us, one of the main spots were eyeballing down the line would be workforce development. And having these immersive experiences where - we've now have this secret sauce of we know how to make engaging games that teach you the skills you need when it comes to decision making, problem solving. That's that spot that has not been solved when we look at workforce development. They have these technical skill learning games, these hard skill learning games. But when we actually look at the soft skills, which are actually what employers care more about nowadays. That's a spot that I really want to solve.
Mac: Can you talk to me a little bit about this broad launch? Are you with a distribution partner that's going to get you access to the schools? Do the schools have to sign up?
Panel Investor: Can you talk to me a little bit about this broad launch? You talked about through a partner getting access to all these schools. So what does that mean? Are you with a distribution partner that's going to get you access to the schools? Do the schools have to sign up? Like, what is this broad launch?
Chad: Yeah. So this is happening through the Gilder Lehrman Institute. They're a nonprofit focused on using American history to help individuals develop the skills they need in their life. So they're deeply aligned with us. They work with 30 percent of the schools in the country, 35,000 schools, and they're growing rapidly. And so they're our partner. And one of the things that they do is called an affiliate offer. So every month they give a free or discounted product to their 35,000 plus schools, and they, on average, get 6 or 7000 schools that sign up. And so what we're anticipating here is, conservatively estimating, we're going to say 4000 schools sign up. They will get access to episode one of the American revolution series for free. Episodes two and three, they will need to make a purchase to access. Of course, episode one ends with a bit of a cliffhanger, cuts to black as the Boston massacre is beginning. So if they want to use those for their students, they'll have to make that purchase. And so that's what's going to be going live with those students all in the fall, and the teachers just gained access yesterday to the whole games to try them out.
Panel Investor: You say you anticipate 4000 signing up to do the free trial, what percentage of those do you expect to turn and become paid?
Chad: Yeah, so we believe 800 will be paying customers by the end of the fall. So this is $500,000 in revenue.
Charles: What's a school worth to you on an annual basis?
Chad: So that'll change over time as we build more episodes. So right now, that's around $1,500. At scale, that's around $15,000.
Elizabeth: How are you going to do that in two years when it takes one and a half months to make one episode?
Elizabeth: How are you going to do that in two years when it takes one and a half months to make one episode?
Panel Investor: I think of everything you said, like the revenue, et cetera, I'm not concerned about any of that. I think the thing that really caught me was you said it took one and a half months to make one episode. And you expect in the next two years to be able to cover all of world and US history? Like that's a, that's a lot of history. How are you going to do that in two years when it takes one and a half months to make one episode?
That’s the bell! There may or may not be a pop quiz after the break…
Panel Investor: You said it took one and a half months to make one episode. And you expect in the next two years to be able to cover all of world and US history? Like that's a, that's a lot of history. How are you going to do that in two years when it takes one and a half months to make one episode?
Chad: Well, so first of all, when we took one and a half months per episode, the team was incredibly lean. And when you're first starting your processes of game development, a lot of those are repeatable. So most of the gameplay aspects, you can literally lift and reuse. The time for development goes down. So we're expecting that for the next game to be around one month per episode. So that'll be a substantial drop already there. And when we're covering world history, what I intend at this point is one episode per week.
Panel Investor: So definitely understand it takes a while to get infrastructure set up. And you can templatize things and reuse characters. And probably the people, you just need to switch out their hats, and that's probably sufficient. But like, let's play this forward a couple of years. Like let's say you have all of that set up, like at scale, you know, when you're kind of starting to dominate, what do you think with today's knowledge it will take in terms of resourcing to create an episode at that point in time?
Chad: Yeah, I think it's going to get down to around 20 days for an episode.
Panel Investor: With how many people?
Chad: So that would be like people working on that game, around six, in my guess.
Elizabeth: Can you talk about that?
Panel Investor: I think something that I'm also concerned about, is also around the subject matter. I think it's really cool to be able to visualize history. My worry is that when you see sort of these big outcomes in edtech, they do tend to be in math or reading, things that teachers are really incentivized to move the needle on because that's how everyone is incentivized, right? You get math scores up, like there's money. If you get history scores up... that's the part I'm a little bit more nervous about. Can you talk about that? I've literally never heard anyone say, Oh, I want to improve our history scores.
Chad: So, yes, it has been shunned a little bit as the stepchild. And first of all, that's something that we're looking to change. I will note that world history and US history are the most commonly taken AP exams there are in the country. But really, when it comes down to it, in my eyes, it doesn't matter if you know the date that Alexander the Great crossed the Bosphorus. What matters is you know why he did that and what the perspectives were on it. And those are things that schools are allocating more and more budget to and they want to be able to track more granularly. What we're really going to be on the cutting edge of is how do you track skill development? How do you track and measure that? And those are going to be proof points in the future, because those reading and math skills are actually starting to be less favored and focused upon by employers. When they're surveyed, they actually care 50 percent more about these soft skills. And our games are going to continue to evolve and include things like your ability to work with others in these historical settings. And so history is a really natural spot that is already mandated to be taught three times in your high school career. And it's being totally underutilized. And so that's what we're looking to shift and they will be tracking that.
Chad: She pronounced it right, too.
Chad: But I feel like that system's already shifting under our feet, right now. Like, that's where the portrait of a graduate requirements are coming from, is that they're starting to put into place these requirements, literally, to graduate based off of life skills. And so, the fact that more than a third of states have adopted that in the last decade, and 50 percent are spending more on skill development next year shows that this is becoming more and more a focal point that is growing. 40 percent of employers think that graduates are unprepared because of their soft skills, and 90 percent think it's getting worse. So we don't need to start that trend. We are taking advantage of that trend and getting ahead of it.
Panel Investor: So would you say that the success of this business hinges on you proving that your games improve soft skills?
Chad: Absolutely.
