Christie: Hi everyone, I'm Christie. Hello. Nice to meet you. Nice to meet you.
Christie: Okay. I'm Christie's. Christie. I'm Christie, the founder of Christie's. But before we begin, I want you guys to visualize something for me for a moment. You're at a Michelin star restaurant. The food is delicious and balanced and simply perfect. Now take that same experience and think if you could have it with your snacks. Delicious, balanced, the best ingredients, the perfect potato chip. That's what you get when a Michelin-trained palate makes junk food with no junk.
Christie: So I've created Christie's, the very first potato chip brand that crafts nostalgic flavors using only plant based ingredients. I started with the all time favorite flavor, sour cream and onion. I removed the buttermilk powder, the cheese powder, the whey protein. And while I was at it, I also made it less greasy, it's less calories, but it has that same rich indulgence that we as consumers know and love when we think of a sour cream and onion potato chip. I felt at my core that it shouldn't matter if a consumer is lactose intolerant or vegan or just wanted something clean to snack on. I didn't want any flavor to be off limits. So with this brand, we're catering to that specific consumer, but we're appealing to all with the best tasting potato chips on the market. Because it's my belief that for a better-for-you brand to truly win in the market, it has to taste just as good, if not better, than the less healthy counterpart. I'm three founders in one. I come from the culinary industry. Then I worked in food manufacturing, and then I worked in sales for CPG brands. I've bootstrapped this business from the beginning, so I understand this business top to bottom. I started it out of a tiny commercial kitchen in South Central LA, where I built out this plant and I made everything by hand. Those were some long hours. And then I've grown it to where we are today, where we shipped POs this week for 100,000 units. We have strong unit economics and a path to profitability in 2025. We've made 800K to date, and we have more opportunities in the pipeline. When I look at Christie's, I want this to become the next BOOMCHICKAPOP. And I want it to become a global household name. I know that you all have the resources and the networks that can help take this brand to the next level, and I'm looking for that partner here today. I'm asking for a $400,000 SAFE with a $4,000,000 cap. I have samples, so I'd love for you all to try, and dive into any questions you might have.
Christie: Do you want samples?
Christie: Okay, so we've got -
Christie: So these are the two newest flavors.
Investor question: What are they?
Christie: Sweet and spicy habanero. It's sweetened with dates, so no sugar, a little bit of lime. It's got a punch to it because it's habanero. Then we've got the mystery flavor, the Zamboni bag. It's a little tart, a little sweet, a little smokey. We've got a sea salt, the original sour cream and onion, sea salt and vinegar. It's probably my personal favorite. And then the backyard barbecue is a sweet and smoky.
Christie: Yeah.
Christie: And these were produced last week. We had a new production run. They're produced last week. I pulled the bags right off the line.
Christie: Thank you.
Christie: Yeah.
Christie: Exactly.
Christie: Exactly.
Investor question: Is that the sea salt?
Christie: Thank you.
Christie: Exactly.
Investor question: How long have you been running this business?
Panel Investor: So, you said you've made 800K to date. How long have you been running this business?
Christie: So we launched in a big facility in 2022.
Christie: So we made 142,000 the first year
Christie: Second year was 325,000. And then to date we've made 335k.
Panel Investor: This year?
Christie: Yeah.
Investor question: And how are you selling right now?
Christie: We sell mostly B2B. So we sell wholesale. We do sell online. And then we have a couple wholesale websites where they sell to customers.
Investor question: Why did you decide to do this?
Christie: So I had this lightbulb moment. I had left the restaurant industry, so I was working at a two Michelin star restaurant here in San Francisco. Lazy Bear, if you don't know it. It's amazing.
Christie: I love that place. But I had just left that avenue and I started working in manufacturing, and I was their R&D point person. So I was the one working with the brands. So I was in stores all the time. So that was that market testing, that research of what are people selling, talking to managers, do they think this could sell? And then the idea is actually - like it originated with a buddy of mine. He's vegan. And he says to me in conversation one day that I haven't had a sour cream and onion potato chip in like 10 years. Like nobody just made a dairy free version. And so I went back to him and I was like, I'll match it for you. I can do this. I used to do it at the plant. I can do it now. So I took the sour cream and onion, matched it to a Lays, but I circled all the ingredients that had dairy, removed all of those. And then I made it less greasy, less calories. And then when I landed it, I was like, man, maybe we could do something here. Like maybe people would buy it.
Investor question: So actually, can you back up?
Christie: Yeah, of course.
Investor question: So what is in here that is different?
Panel Investor: Because I'm a bit ignorant in this and don't really read labels. Like I probably should on the back of these junk food things. So what is in here that is different? Or what is not in here? Like you mentioned dairy. Are there other things that are typically not plant based in chips?
Christie: Sour cream and onion specifically is going to have a buttermilk powder, maybe a whey protein, a cheese powder. And so I removed like the milk powders, the buttermilk powders, and I replaced it. We had an onion powder base with the vinegar powder. So add that like oniony, that sourness. And then we use a buttermilk flavor that's vegan.
Christie: Yeah. To give it that like richness.
Christie: Yeah.
Panel Investor: because I guess when I think of potato chips, I think, oh, well, they have potatoes in them, so they're already plants. Maybe?
Christie: Yeah, yeah. So I'm from Indiana originally, right. And my dad is like a meat and potatoes guy and he wouldn't touch a vegan product with a 10 foot pole. And so I wanted to make sure that we weren't ostracizing all the people that don't want to eat a vegan diet. We wanted to make sure that if you were vegan, you could see it and you could grab it. But I didn't want it to be too far in your face because I wanted this to be a brand that appealed to everybody. And it didn't write this off for somebody else to enjoy. Yeah.
Investor question: Can you tell us about what your unit economics are?
Panel Investor: You mentioned earlier that you had great unit economics. Can you tell us about what your unit economics are?
Christie: Yeah, yeah, absolutely. So right now we have a 45 percent margin, but we have plans in place for next year as we continue to grow to decrease our cost of production. That's our biggest cost of production is the potatoes. So we have suppliers set up and we have metrics of when we get to this scale, we can drop the price. Like our seasoning, we purchase in like a thousand pounds. So when we get to 2000 pounds and 3000 pounds, we see those the cents dropping off.
Christie: Exactly. And then also as we continue to get bigger freight, we can start shipping full truckloads instead of less than truckloads. And freight is such a killer. So we can increase that way as well.
Investor question: How much do you charge for this?
Christie: We do a landed cost of 2.25, and then we sell, depending on the distribution channel, around 3.99 to 4.29. Depends on the markup of the distributor and what whatever the retailer wants to mark it up.
Christie: Yeah, exactly. Because we wanted to focus on that. Like we didn't want there to be any reason that a consumer wouldn't buy our product, you know? So we're never going to be the most expensive. But we are never going to be the cheapest. We want to like live right in the center.
Christie: Yeah.
Christie: Exactly.
Christie: Exactly. My dream for this brand is that we like create something with better ingredients that was accessible to everybody. And at its core, yes, it is a plant-based product, but it's a potato chip nonetheless. You know, it's something that people recognize, something that people expect to cost between X and Y. You know what I mean? And so we can't go outside of that too far. We're going to negate that customer, this customer that wants to buy something or they're looking at this and then Lays and they don't understand why would Lays be less than ours, you know?
Investor question: What retailers are you in and what's the archetype of the consumer that's buying it off the shelves right now?
Christie: Yeah. So we're in nationwide independents. So we have like the delis, the coffee shops, the gift shops. We do have a couple of hotels, and then we have Bristol Farms and we're launching with Sprouts in two weeks. But the consumer that we see most predominantly is a female focus. So we see 24 to 35. A lot of times we actually do see like the young mother. Because our chips are the classic style. So they're like super thin and crispy. They're not that like Kettle style that's like too hard to chew for a child. And so we see that be like a big demographic of people that like care about what is in their products. They don't necessarily trust those bigger corporations. They're kind of like getting to know that there's these ingredients that they don't really feel safe with. And that's where our brand comes into play.
Investor question: And what's the team like?
Christie: So everything is external. Except my two friends, they came on board right at the beginning and they work in the creative space. I've hired an external sales team. I've hired brokers in different revenue channels because there's like the food service. We've just hired a broker for military commissaries, we have a retail. Cause there's all these different revenue channels that this kind of product can go into.
Christie: External, yeah.
Panel Investor: And then out of all the people you mentioned, who's core on payroll full time, if any yet so far?
Christie: Nobody.
Christie: Yeah. Nobody.
Christie: Very lean operation. Yeah. I have - one of my mentors, he's the guy that owns the facility. He did exactly what I want to do. He started a potato chip company and took it to acquisition and all that stuff. And he told me, you know -
Investor question: Which one?
Christie: Zapps.
Christie: Zapps and Dirtys.
Christie: So he owns three facilities, but he's a mentor to me. You know, he tells me you can run a $3 million operation with a couple of people. You don't need - for something like this, we can have external teams that operate in all these spheres, all the revenue channels, and then have a really tight internal team that can manage all of that. Instead of sinking money into payroll, we can put the money into the brand, market it, get it out there in the public.
Investor question: So what do you think your burn rate will go up to after this round? I assume this is your first round?
Panel Investor: I love that. So what do you think your burn rate will go up to after this round? I assume this is your first round?
Christie: Yeah. Yeah. Very first. So we are very, very lean. I'm not burning a lot of money at all. So we burn maybe 6 or 7000 a month. I would like to keep it pretty tight. We're working now with a factoring company, and that company does lend on inventory. So that money, we don't have to use -
Christie: Exactly. Right. So we can still fulfill like the Sprouts order before we get funding. We'll get paid for that immediately, 80%.
Christie: Yeah, no, cause you, when you bootstrap the business, you're like, okay, how can I continue to grow, stay lean and not go bankrupt? You know, you gotta be creative in like what you're doing and how you can do it. So we're hoping that that burn rate stays really, really low. So we spend the money in the smart places that we know is going to get a return.
Investor question: How much have you raised of the 400k that you're looking for?
Christie: We have raised nothing.
Investor question: How much have you raised of the 400k that you're looking for?
Christie: We have raised nothing. So it's a clean slate. And I've bootstrapped all of it up to this point.
Panel Investor: Wow. That's impressive. This is at a four post, four pre? Four -
Christie: Post.
Investor question: But how do you get people to go to this shelf of all the chips and have them hone in on Christie's?
Panel Investor: So very clean branding. I love the fact that you have the ingredients like in super size to emphasize, you know, all plant based ingredients. But talk to me a little bit about how do you get this out? Cause like putting something like this in a big box store. Great. But how do you get people to go to this shelf of all the chips and have them hone in on Christie's?
Christie: So I put a major focus, if not all of the focus on in-store promotions, sampling, demos. So I know that with any new food or beverage brand, we need to get consumers to try it if they're going to buy it. We pay for end caps. We pay for a temporary right price reduction. So we get like a sale tag of two for seven. And then we go in and we have people demoing at that store during high volume times to get that conversion, to share the story of the brand, because we see that people really connect with like a brand that the founder, the person that creates it is like really involved in the product. And so it really, it works really well for us and we get conversion and then we get a lift and it stays there. Yeah. So that's the plan that we have so far. For this Sprouts launch, it is a bigger scale. So we are going to implement some more of those like digital marketing opportunities, like Instacart. We're a certified women owned brand, so we get free ad dollars every month. So we're going to double that, and then we'll pay a certain amount each month based on like the recommendation that they gave us for new brands. I shy away from influencers because they're, they can get expensive. And I want to make sure that like the money, cause I bootstrapped, the money that we're spending is going to get that conversion 100%.
Investor question: Where do you see yourself in 10 years?
Christie: In 10 years. Okay. In 10 years, I want to recreate all of like the favorite snacks that we all grew up with. Like, I can't tell you how many people have asked me, like, can you make a Flamin’ Hot Cheeto, and make it like, really good, but like, super clean, right? And so, puffs.
Investor question: And do you think you can?
Christie: Yeah. Oh yeah, I can. Yeah. And then I've got - it gets me so excited because we've got puffs, tortilla chips. But then, okay, I have this vision of, you know, like Frito Lay has like their dips in front of the chips. Okay. Yeah. I want to do that as well, but I want to make them like super clean, plant based -
Christie: It's horrible. It's basically just oil and emulsifiers. Right. So I want to make that - like recreate that whole set, but like super clean all natural products. And like recreate everything that we grew up with. And so that's like, when I see in 10 years, like walk into like a Walmart, and see like a big set of like all of the branded Christie stuff and it like pops off the shelf and it's so beautiful. Like in 10 years, I want to create a company that like takes over that portion of the snack aisle.
Christie: Yeah.
Investor question: Would that be interesting to you?
Panel Investor: Let's say you get six years in, doing really well and company like Lays says, Hey, we want to buy this. Would that be interesting to you?
Christie: So the thing that I would think about is who's the company that's going to buy the company? Because like at the cornerstone of this brand is I want it to be like integrity, sustainability focused, something that a buyer is not going to just torpedo everything that we've worked for, you know. And I've heard like the horror stories of like a company acquiring a company and it just falls apart. So It would really depend on who the buyer is. And are they going to take what we've built and make it even better and accessible to even more people and like carry on that mission. That would be what I would be looking for.
Investor question: Do you think the margins increase by doing other things, certainly volume helps you, but any offshoring thoughts or do you think that that's just not worth it?
Panel Investor: Related to margins, I know right now you want to do everything locally. Do you think the margins increase by doing other things, certainly volume helps you, but any offshoring thoughts or do you think that that's just not worth it?
Christie: So I've had many conversations with people. They've come, you know, we have some like countries in Asia because it's like a non dairy product, they've like explored some interest, and always the hurdle with that is not necessarily like, do we want to do this business, but is the volume in there because of freight and can - freight can get really expensive. And then what's the conversion, you know, currency they're using, what's the conversion and what in their category is typical to their consumers. Right. So we like, until we can get the volume there and the right partner, the right - say there's like a chain account where the volume is going to be there and so we can ship multiple containers where like the freight is spread across all the units, then it will make sense. But it is something fun that we would explore.
Christie: I love that.
Christie: I would love that. Thank you so much.
Christie: Thank you.
Christie: Oh, absolutely.
Christie: Please! And I've brought more. So we've got some over there.
