Cathy: We built this platform about a year ago, and since then, we've served over a thousand students, 500 companies. We've built a $1.2 million annual run rate.
Cathy: This is my third company, which is fun.
Investor question: Can you talk about traction, Cathy?
Cathy: Most of our revenue today is still coming from startups.
Cathy: We don't do any marketing for startups -
Cathy: - and we get an average of 10 new startup signups a week.
Cathy: $100,000 is comfortable because we save them about five times more than they pay us.
Investor question: What were the terms of this latest round?
Cathy: We raised $4 million on a 16 million post money valuation.
Investor question: How much allocation do you have open?
Panel Investor: So it sounds like that is - the large majority of it is like the round that you're currently closing. Is that right?
Cathy: We actually closed the round in August of last year.
Cathy: I'm Cathy, and I'm from Oakland, California I think if you asked all the people I've worked for before, they would describe me as the person you hire to build your company. I personally feel like anyone can do almost anything if they're willing to have the level of pain tolerance and commitment to make it happen.
Cathy: And then just from there, just started companies. I think that's probably the highest ROI you can have on your time is to build something that is uniquely, incredibly valuable for the world. this is my third startup. This one feels very personal because my family was actually raised in public housing in Detroit so I think of Folio as my life's work
Cathy: , nice to meet you.
Cathy: Thanks for having me here.
Cathy: Good. Situated. All right. It's great to meet you. um I'm Cathy. I'm the co-founder and CEO of folio works. We save companies 50 percent on intern wages by giving companies instant access to billions of dollars in wage subsidies from the government. I was raised in public housing in Detroit, and I was incredibly lucky to have a wonderful foster family and mentors who helped me get internships at Google and in venture capital. And those internships dramatically changed my career trajectory. But, I'm a stark anomaly.
Cathy: Um, I'm here today to oversubscribe our $4 million round, and to get your feedback and most importantly to ensure that every student is trained and ready to build a meaningful career.
Cathy: Oh, yeah. Let's see. This is my third company, which is fun. The first company was converting oil barges into floating hospitals in Indonesia, a nonprofit, and the local government now run it. So that's great. The second company was a sustainable seafood company, and it's now run by a very large seafood company based in the Bay Area. And this is the third. My co-founder is fantastic. He was the eighth employee at a company called Elation, which is now worth over $2 billion, so he knows the engineering side very well. He brought over three engineers from Elation, so we feel like technically we have the chops to build the things that we need to do. We have a fantastic designer who came with me from my previous company, and then a great product manager who built and sold his last crypto company.
Cathy: Yes. Well, I should explain that we went to market with a startup product. So you can imagine, smaller companies don't have the capacity to run an internship program. So we thought, let's get to market, let's get some revenue and do this as quickly as possible. So we charge startups $250 per intern per month. We save them on average about $10,000 on wages. So the math works out really well in their favor. For enterprises, we charge them about $1000 per intern per month, and we still save them about $10,000 on wages.
Investor question: Where does the savings come from?
Cathy: Around $3 billion in wage subsidies comes from the federal government and the state government. So each year there's a program called Work Study. It's about $1.2 billion. In 2020, they opened it up to for-profit companies because college campuses closed down, and those jobs that used to be primarily on campus weren't able to be completed. And so they opened it up to for-profits, and we became the first company to be the employer of record on behalf of any other company. So let's say you are Google, and you want to access these billions of dollars, instead of having to get approved by every single provost at every single university, you can come to us.
Cathy: Yes, that's right. There's very large companies that we're in conversation with who don't love giving away their Legos, and so we are building a tool today that allows us to streamline them getting access to all of the funding. I don't think that means they're going to cut us out. I think that it would take a lot of effort for them to do all the reporting that's required to create a Work Study approved job and then do all of the reporting that's completed by us. But we're building that and it's in progress.
Investor question: Is Folio the discovery engine for the students to discover these internships?
Cathy: Yes, it is. So we partner with every college career center. And so we have access to all of their 3 million students that are approved for work study.
Investor question: What is the infrastructure that you need to have like a Work Study approved job?
Cathy: Yeah, so basically the stipulation is that the job has to be related to the student's career path or to their studies. If you are a liberal arts student, it might be a little bit more open ended than if you're an engineering student. So far we haven't run into any roadblocks. They've just been very happy that the students get paid and can utilize their dollars in a way that's actually productive towards their career and their education.
Investor question: Do you, do you take on any risk in the process, so in that, you know, if it's, it hasn't been not approved, but if it did, because you're the employer of record, would you wind up footing the bill?
Cathy: Yeah, so that's a good point. Um, we do take on some risk. That is -
Cathy: Yes, that's how we get paid, for sure. The way it works mechanically, is that, every two weeks we pay the intern in full. So we pay 100 percent of their wages. And then we invoice the university for half of their wages, and then we invoice our clients for the other half, along with a subscription fee. So we haven't gotten to a case where we weren't able to understand what the intern's complete pool of funding is So typically what happens is the intern sign into their FAFSA account, we can see exactly how much money they have, and then we track how much money we're using. So it's relatively easy. The information is available.
Cathy: Yeah, so we are today the only company that is approved to be the employer of record for these funds. So, it's possible another company come in and try to do this. They would have to get approval from every single provost at every single university. So good luck to them. It's sort of difficult. I say there is an opportunity for us to get more than 50 percent of funding. So, the law right now for the federal government is that if you're a nonprofit, you can get up to 90 percent of your wages covered. So we are exploring that option. We are also running a research study with Strata Education Fund and Stanford to explain how our internship program actually dramatically increases our students' success rates of graduating and their employment outcomes after. So our goal was that through this research and all the work that we're doing, we can actually open the door for ourselves and be approved as the only and the most proven Work Study employer of record.
Investor question: How old is the company and how much capital has gone into it?
Cathy: The company is three years old. We've raised about four and a half million dollars. And how the money was broken down is essentially we did a, an accelerator program, about three years ago, and that's when we incepted a slightly different idea that was more B2C focused. We built that out for about a year, got to about a million dollar annual run rate, and then we got access to these federal funds as the only companies to do that. We raised the $4 million on top of that, and we've been building that business since.
Investor question: Is that right?
Cathy: Yes, we actually closed the round in August of last year.
Cathy: We saw this opportunity to meet you all. I think you all have like a fantastic take on the industry. So I thought, you know what?
Investor question: Can you talk about traction, Cathy, just maybe a couple examples of enterprises that you're working with?
Cathy: Ah, yes. Most of our revenue today is still coming from startups.
Cathy: This month we'll close around $50,000 in revenue from startups that are paying us. We have a bunch of pilots, because we just sort of pivoted to building this employer of record validation tool for large companies. The hope is that we'll have around $15,000 from them this month. And then the goal is that we can expand into their summer programs. Something I like to share is that about 85 percent of the volume of internships are through these large enterprises. So companies that have 500 or more employees, and then the rest of it is through small companies. So we feel very lucky that we've been able to, you know, get to our revenue numbers really quickly through startups. But I think the real way to build this company is to partner with large companies.
Investor question: Can you talk about the pilot, some of the enterprise companies that you're getting closer with?
Panel Investor: Can you talk about the pilot, some of the enterprise companies that you're getting closer with? Just, what are they excited about? What are they concerned about?
Cathy: Yeah, yeah, yeah, happy to share. it's a public company. They’re about a thousand employees. They recently shut down their internship program because it wasn't worth the investment. They found out about us. We told them we can save you at least 70 percent on a combination of wages, sourcing, training, and vetting. And so now they're just handing off their internship program to us. So they use our platform to do all of their sourcing, to reach about 3 million students. We save them about 50 percent on wages, and then we basically run their program.
Investor question: What were the terms of this latest round?
Cathy: We raised $4 million on a 16 million post money valuation on a SAFE.
Panel Investor: Cool. And then, maybe if you could talk about, like, your future financing goals?
Cathy: Yeah, uh, future financing. [laughs] So the reason why we raised 4 million is because we knew that building for enterprise would be a very different beast. And so our goal is that by the end of this year, we have converted all of our pilots into full contracts where we're serving at least 100 interns per enterprise customer that we have pilots with. And then we also want to expand so that they're not doing internships just in the summer, they're hiring interns throughout the year. So I would love to get to a point where we're at about 3.5 million in revenue. That would be us converting about 60 percent of our pilots into full contracts. And then obviously continue to expand from there.
Cathy: Yeah, I think $100,000 is comfortable because we save them about five times more than they pay us.
Cathy: And maybe this is like a side note, but we considered adjusting our business model to be, instead of charging them $1,000 per intern per month, just charging them 20 percent of their savings. That's a good option, right? It feels like no one's paying anything. But we'll see. We'll do some shifting as we learn.
Cathy: Our burn rate is about 120k per month. And we have about 20 months of runway, so we're pretty comfortable today. We really need to use those dollars to close these enterprise customers, right? Like that's, that's a success.
Investor question: What moves the needle on that?
Cathy: What gets them to convert? So, I have this hypothesis that - A lot of companies are nervous about handing over their brand to us. And so -
Investor question: Is that the, the HR people are concerned about that?
Panel Investor: Is that the, the HR people are concerned about that? Like it might be a job stability issue for them or?
Cathy: Um, I think it's just changing their workflow.
Cathy: So I think that that's potentially the concern. Their goal, though, is to not create a weird experience for the student, right? So let's say you've hired these students and, now they need to not only join your company, but they joined Folio and that seems strange. So I, I understand that totally. So what we're building right now is the ability for us to not be the employer of record, which means that we create a very easy way for each company to get the same approvals that we have. I think the lucky part about that is it's just tech, right? So we just need to ingest a good amount of information, fill out a bunch of forms and get them approved. So it's sort of either/or. Can we convince them to allow us to be the employer of record? If so, we can convert everyone really fast. If they're not into it, then we have to build this tool. And then I think we'd be able to convert them.
Investor question: What is keeping you up at night?
Investor question: What is keeping you up at night?
Cathy: Yeah.
Investor question: Um, how much allocation do you have open?
Panel Investor: Super interesting. Um, how much allocation do you have open?
Cathy: I think we're open to about $500,000 at the same valuation.
Panel Investor: For rev - Can you just talk through, Cathy, revenue for 24 and then how that's going to shift. I'm curious what the ratio between startups and enterprises, what's your desired - what did it look like in 24 and what do you hope it looks like in 25?
Cathy: Yeah. So we got up to about a 100k in recurring revenue in July of last year. Very exciting. And then we got access to all this work study funding and scrapped it. Which is crazy. So we like rebuilt for the last, gosh, like three or so months and now we're at about 50k per month. So we like hit this peak, we got funding, we shifted our business model aggressively.
Cathy: So being very transparent there. Let's see, for this coming year, the goal is that we convert that 40k in small pilots and startups into enterprise customers. So that means going from an average contract value of about $5000, because they're small companies, to an average contract value of $100,000. So it's a big leap, but I think we're making the right investments right now with these pilots, with Fortune 50s.
Investor question: Are you pushing on go to market startups still, or are you really leaning on the enterprise this year?
Cathy: Yeah. So we don't do any marketing for startups -
Cathy: - and we get an average of 10 new startup signups a week.
Cathy: There's like this obvious question in my head, which is like, well, if so many startups clearly want this, what if you just like own the startup market first and like build revenue? Like internally, our team thinks about all the time. However, it's operationally a bit more hectic to do that. Matching is, you know, it's like a, a one to one ratio of like company to student. Whereas at a large enterprise, it's a recurring contract. It's really large. It's predictable. They have programming. We don't have to do the programming. So, I think we're making the right bet to focus on enterprise.
Investor question: Can you talk a little bit about what you've learned in the other two companies you've started and how that's informing the way that you're building Folio?
Cathy: Yeah, that's a good question. Um, hmm. Something that we're thinking about for this year is, it's people, right? Especially in the early stages, really all you have is good people. There's something about nurturing at this stage of the company that we honestly decided we don't have time for. So at the turn of the year, we let go of a third of our team because they didn't have the same advantage that they had when we were a B2C business as we needed for being a B2B business. That was painful, but it's also, I think, the right decision to make. So, yeah, I think the main takeaway was, if you're going to try to do something really hard, that's really new, you don't have time to train. Even though we are literally an internship training company. So it felt like misaligned. It was sort of painful to realize, but we did it.
Cathy: Oh, yeah. Fun. I mean that's like you know the job.
Cathy: Yeah.
Panel Investor: I guess like, what does success look like for you and the company?
Cathy: Yeah. Something that's funny that like, I think Josh really wants to make sure I say, was, um, I genuinely think that the future of education looks very different than it does today. So today, if you think about it, it's like a family spends $200,000 on academics, right? And then you get this, you know, pamphlet that says, great, you are approved to do no job, a job, you know, like TBD? And so the stat is basically like around 50 percent of students actually use their college degree. Like they do a job that's related to their college degree. I think the future of education looks very different. I think it's a third academic, which is what we do today. I think it's a third practical, where you're in an internship, you're trying different jobs, you're figuring out what you can do professionally, and then it's a third professional where you actually figure out who you are and what place you want to have in the world. So in order for that to happen, we have to dramatically lower the cost of internships. If it costs $50,000 to host each intern with the idea of them becoming a full time employee, like, it's impossible for us to create the 20 million internships that we need to serve 20 million students. So it's like, of course, today, there's only 4 million internships. That's like even high. So yeah, that's, that's my vision for the future.
Cathy: Thank you so much, .
Cathy: I'll follow up with you after.
Cathy: Thank you so much. I appreciate it.
