Dean: Hello. Dean.
Dean: Nice to meet you.
Dean: Dean.
Dean: Dean. Nice to meet you.
Dean: nice to meet you. How's it going?
Dean: How y'all doing?
Investor question: How are you?
Panel Investor: Great. How are you?
Dean: Really good. My name's Dean. I'm the founder of ReCraft. And we have developed a new way to make beer that's 30 percent more efficient. Eight years ago, I took a month off of drinking. I just really missed that craft experience. And so I developed the most forward thinking products the beer industry has seen in decades. So that brand, Hoplark, has generated over $45 million in total revenue to date. While I was scaling Hoplark, I realized that we had created the world's most advanced hopping technology that was usable in the beer industry. So we spun off Recraft to go ignite a revolution. Hops are inherently problematic with beer. When you add them to finished beer, they absorb up to 40 percent of the liquid. And then when you remove the hops, they take a bunch of that liquid with them. With our process, none of that happens. There's zero waste at that step. So we have a bunch of consumer traction with Hoplark over the years. But we also have a partnership with Brooklyn Brewery where we're adapting all of their products to this technology and that should hit shelves later this year. So we're raising two and a half million dollars to scale this. Who wants to recraft the beer industry with me? Thank you.
Investor question: So just to clarify, you are proposing a process, right?
Dean: Yes, so we have a process, but it integrates super easy. So basically at the end of a beer brewing process, instead of dry hopping, which is like the last step, they just actually add our juice, effectively, at the end of it, and it allows it to all be way more efficient and it works just like the regular beer process.
Investor question: Is that correct?
Panel Investor: But you're not making a new consumer beer brand. Is that correct?
Dean: That's correct.
Dean: Yeah. And we've used like a similar process in Hoplark for the last six years.
Dean: I understand and I appreciate that.
Dean: No, totally understand. And I mean, I've been running a non alcoholic business for the last six years, so I get it.
Panel Investor: Would love to taste it.
Dean: So on your left is a traditionally made West Coast IPA, and on your right is a West Coast IPA that's made with our technology. So we completely deconstruct the dry hopping process in a couple of different dimensions, which allow us to reconstruct it in basically whatever we want. We can make it effectively identical, or we can make it "better" depending on what the brewery is looking for. We can make it brighter. We can make it juicier. We can make it sweeter. Like there's all these subtleties that we can pull out of it.
Dean: Thank you So just to be clear, the product on your left is a traditionally made, dry hopped, had the 30 percent yield loss, the product on the right is with our technology.
Dean: Thank you. I mean, it's a little more balanced, maybe a little more complex, but I'm a huge flavor nerd, so I geek out on all this stuff.
Panel Investor: So, I was curious if you can share a little bit about sort of the changes that one might have, whether it be in shelf life or anything else that changes in the output, or is it sort of all equal?
Dean: Yeah. The Hoplark products have dramatically improved shelf life characteristics over beer, and we believe that hop flavors derived from our process will have dramatically improved shelf life characteristics for beer. And IPAs, if anyone's familiar with IPA sitting on a warm shelf, like, they'll get pretty nasty pretty fast. Unfortunately, it's like a challenge with the industry. We believe we can extend that pretty dramatically. So it's not just a cost savings; it could be a pretty dramatic up value.
Investor question: Like how does all that fit together?
Panel Investor: With all of that depth in this industry, I'm curious, can you walk us through just high level, like the business itself? I mean you're buying hops, you're producing something, you're storing it, you're transporting it. Like how does all that fit together?
Dean: Great question. And this is kind of the magic. So brewers are - really care about their craft and what they're able to make. And so what we do is we allow them to still utilize their own hops, their own products, their own craft. So what we're thinking about doing is bringing in the brewer's hops, processing them, and then selling a service fee for that processing. So there's no inventory. It's really just charging for the value of what we're generating and then we'll ship them the finished product.
Investor question: How does it compare on a cost basis to their current methodology?
Panel Investor: How does it compare on a cost basis to their current methodology? if you put aside the waste piece just from a production like price comparison.
Dean: Yeah so we can save up to 30 percent of the total COGS of the beer. Because we are able to extract more than what a traditional process does. We're able to save all that wasted beer. And then at the end of our process, as we've pulled all the juicy, delicious aromatics and flavor off of it, we're actually able to reuse those hops for the bittering side of the equation. Whereas a brewery would be using two different sets of hops, we only use one. So, we're able to replace 100 percent of the hops, in a brewer's system, which is dramatically more efficient for what they're trying to do.
Investor question: Are you telling me I could essentially set up a brewery that's probably slightly smaller with less storage space because I don't have to hold the hops anymore?
Panel Investor: Let's say I'm starting a new craft beer today, and I want to work with you. Are you telling me I could essentially set up a brewery that's probably slightly smaller with less storage space because I don't have to hold the hops anymore?
Dean: Yeah and also skip some steps at the end as well. And dry hopping takes a lot of time, whereas ours is relatively instantaneous. Which is a bigger deal than the hop storage. You can condense how much tank storage you need. Or if you're an existing brewery, you can dramatically increase your throughput because if you had a choke point on the tank side, you could run a lot more batches through.
Investor question: And how do you think about working with, like, Big Beer, for lack of a better word?
Panel Investor: I was just going to ask you, like, given how concentrated InBev - some of these huge, I imagine they have internal R&D teams that are probably thinking about every element of the process. And how do you think about working with, like, Big Beer, for lack of a better word?
Dean: Well, I think that , a) we're working on a suite of patents, We believe that we're going to get a tremendous amount of protection on it. Because of the kind of left field nature of creating these products, like we do believe we have a really big head start, and it's pretty complicated how to get to success here. So we, we believe the moat's pretty strong. We're excited to work with a lot of them.
Dean: For sure.
Investor question: What is your background prior to starting your non alcoholic beer company?
Dean: So my story is, I graduated college and five months later my dad passed away super suddenly, and I got thrown into the family business, which I wasn't really planning on doing. I had a deal with my dad, we were driving down the road and when I was - I was about 21 and he turned to me and was like, do you want to run my company some day? And my answer was no, I want to do my own thing, but I got thrown into it. So I've been helping manage and guide an innovative plastic recycling company in Chicago for the last 17 years. And what happened over time is I have an amazing executive team there. I've learned how to be a chairman role and coach a team and have the team operate. I live in Boulder. It's in Chicago. They're doing awesome. Like there's been a lot of amazing business skills. My business coach tells me I'm 41 going on 61 in business years. But um, but for me, like launching Hoplark was really - in some respects, it was the start of my career because it was like the first time I was doing something that was truly me and truly something that, like, felt authentic to what I wanted to create in the world.
Investor question: Is that right?
Panel Investor: So basically, if I were to summarize, after college, you ran the family business and then at some point you were able to kind of make sure to hand things off to your exec team to start Hoplark. Is that right?
Dean: That's correct. Yeah.
Panel Investor: I mean, in terms of discovering this process, was that you or a team member?
Dean: Yeah, it was -
Investor question: Do you have a science background?
Dean: Yeah, I'm an engineer. I've come from a family of entrepreneurial engineers. We built probably like the world's coolest homebrew setup to develop the Hoplark products. So we were in the garage, it took, it probably took a hundred batches. And then I've been working over the past couple of years on essentially an amped up version of that process that'll work for this beer application.
Investor question: Did you just kick off your fundraise?
Dean: Yeah, we just, we just kicked it off.
Dean: Yeah. Right on. I appreciate it. Thank you.
