Michele: My name is Michele and I'm from Italy. I would describe myself young. ambitious, hard worker and joyful. I like to work. and at the same time, I like also to have fun
Michele: this is a bit ridiculous no? But I want my brand to be the number one in the world. hearing about the American dream, know, this democratization, even me. I'm not an American citizen, I just have a visa. I can come and play my card. So I said, I want to give it a try and here I am.
Investor question: Hey, how are you?
Panel Investor: Hey, how are you? Nice to meet you. Charles.
Michele: , nice to meet you. Ciao to everyone, my name is Michele, from Barberino. 20 percent of American men earn more than $200,000 per year. Those men drive Ferrari, they wear Armani and they live in penthouses, but they don't have a place where to go to take care about themselves. And more importantly, they don't have a brand which they can identify with when it comes to men's grooming. And this is the reason why Niccolò and I founded Barberinos and grew it to become the leading luxury men's grooming brand in Italy. In 2024, in Italy, with almost 5 million in revenues, more than 100,000 loyal customers and 45 SKU distributed across 120 locations, our mission is very simple. Help every man feel his best, because better men make it for a better world. But Niccolò and I want more. We want our brand to be the number one in the world. So we look at ourselves and we ask, okay, what's next? If you want to be the number one brand in the world, you need to start with the number one country in the world. United States of America. Yes, but how? We searched for the best expert in the country, Eric Malka, who founded the Art of Shaving and sold it to Proctor and Gamble in 2009. With his help, we will make Barberino the premier men's grooming brand in the United States. Early last year, we opened up our first store in New York City at 520 Madison Avenue. We broke even in six months. And we are now at 1.5 million in revenues in less than one year. This means that we are ready to scale. We want to achieve national coverage in main US cities with our flagship stores that will be driving revenues and reputation. But be aware, the stores are not the business. They are the foundation for building up the brand, because they inspire emotion, they create connection, and they foster a real community. From there, our wholesale and D2C channel will scale the business efficiently by delivering our products to all affluent men in America. We are raising 1.5 million dollar and, today, I'm inviting you to join us in shaping the future of luxury men's grooming
Investor question: So can you talk a little bit about what we see on the table here?
Michele: Yes.
Michele: Yeah, this is just a selection. We have 45 SKU.
Michele: So we cover shaving, beard care, facial, hair care and also styling.
Investor question: Can you pass them around?
Investor question: Can I see the packaging?
Investor question: Do you wear cologne?
Investor question: How did you decide to start this company?
Panel Investor: Can you pass them around? I want to smell it.
Michele: Yes. So I have a background actually in investment banking. So I was working mainly in M&A. And when I was in London, there was places where I could go to take care about grooming routine and beauty. And when I moved back to Italy, I noticed that the market was like, was there from a demand perspective, but there was no offer. So this was like the beginning factor that led us to set up the company. So with Barberino's, we blend high quality cosmetic products covering all aspects for men's beauty routine with bespoken experiences, immersive experiences, like facial treatment, scalp treatment, haircut, hot towel, wet shave, and we deliver that in our own store. So we actually bootstrap that. We open a pilot store. It was successful. We developed products. And then we wholesale the products in the premium department store and specialty retailers in Italy. From there we become the leading brand in the, in Italy. So it was just as simple as that. I don't know whether I answered your question.
Investor question: Is that, is that something that you guys kind of learned how to do as a team?
Michele: Let's say that my cofounder and I excel in finding the best people for each specific topic, and this is something happened also here in the United States. So when we said, okay, we're going to go and grow this business in the US market, we don't know anything about US.
Michele: And so we said, okay, I want the best in the market to be on my side. And there is only one guy that succeed in this segment. It was Eric Malka. So we actually not only onboarded him, but we onboarded the whole founding team.
Michele: So they have already proven skill in developing best in class product, and also in scaling the largest grooming brand in this market.
Investor question: How much did they invest?
Michele: They invested 300,000 on the Italian company. But then I wanted to make a bold move and I gave him 10 percent shares as a strategic partner, advisory shares in the US company. Because I wanted him to have the skin in the game, and I thought that less than 10 percent wouldn’t move the needle for him.
Investor question: And so I'm curious about within this category, do you feel like there's a reason why there are beauty salons, leading beauty care products for both affluent and more mass market? Like is there something foundationally different about the consumer that you see?
Panel Investor: There have been a number of companies we've looked at over the years, some of which have started in New York, Rent the Runway, Birchbox, others that the category seems to work really well for women, but not for men. And so I'm curious about within this category, do you feel like there's a reason why there are beauty salons, leading beauty care products for both affluent and more mass market? You see an opportunity here many years later that there is not one for men. Like is there something foundationally different about the consumer that you see?
Michele: Yeah, actually, I, I don't, I don't think there is a problem with the category. I mean, the demand is there. The main proof to that was that the Art of Shaving was owning that, for affluent men across the United States. And what I've seen in the market was that on one side we have pure D2C brand that just start buying businesses and without a really differentiating factor, without IP. And on the other side, on the service side, the market is extremely fragmented with 60 percent of operators being mom and pops. They lack financial and human resources to, to create a brand. And they lack also the sophistication to elevate the experience. Barberino stepped in with really robust omni channel and 360 degrees approach to the category. And, that I think is the right thing to do.
Michele: Our strategy, it's very simple. We just want to open flagship store in urban location, where the affluent men are. And in this store, delivering our experiences, immersive experiences, and then at the same time open up store with premium retailers where we can deliver the products and reach the customer for their replenishment needs through online. My cofounder and I are coming from investment banking and strategic consulting. So we have experience with advisory human resources. We already scale this thing in Italy where we have 70 barbers working for us and we are just doing this year at a larger scale.
Investor question: Seventy barbers as employees?
Michele: Yes.
Investor question: And how many locations in Italy?
Michele: 16 locations.
Michele: And we're going to plan to have 15 locations here in the United States, flagship. First of all, we want to own New York.
Michele: Yes.
Michele: We plan to have two, three flagship store in New York, and then we strategically move westward, Houston, Dallas, Chicago, Miami, and then going Las Vegas is very important market for us. And then up to California, eventually. 15 location provide us a scale that allow us to build the next five years a 50 million, revenues business. 30 million will come from, from retail with a balanced mix between service and products. And then the other 20 million will come from wholesale and D2C.
Investor question: What do you think the value of that business would be?
Michele: Already when we are in the range of 20 to 25 million, we are already the perfect target for luxury conglomerates. And I think the value is going to be in excess of 100 million based on compatible transaction. So already halfway.
Investor question: Can you talk about price point on the products?
Michele: Yeah, it's $35, for cosmetic, 125 for fragrances.
Investor question: What products is your target customer using today? Since they're not using kind of like men's prestige, but like, do you have a sense of what they are using today?
Michele: There is no, uh, unique brand, someone that even if you go to premium department store, you cannot see a brand that is consistently on the top shelf, on the top shelf. There are people using Harry's, Aqua di Parma, and there's a lot of noise in the market. But men's getting every year more educated on beauty. They are more interested in taking care and spending time on the beauty routine. We deserve that.
Investor question: And so I'm curious, as you think about the affluent, sort of your market and up, is it that these people don't buy the Louis Vuitton scent? Is it a price problem? Is it a brand problem? Is it?
Panel Investor: I find the scents being interesting that the sort of price point you're talking about is somewhere between a sort of everyday brand or product, but it is below the like high end designer, the Louis Vuitton scents. And so I'm curious, as you think about the affluent, sort of your market and up, is it that these people don't buy the Louis Vuitton scent? Is it a price problem? Is it a brand problem? Is it?
Michele: No, there is no price problem. When we enter here, we wanted to have a price point that was similar to the art of shaving one, just because we are a new brand entering in a new market. We didn't want like to sound arrogant or cheap. We just went for the safe, safe direction on price. but our goal is to elevate the offer, elevate the package And increase the price as well, especially then on fragrances.
Investor question: What's the brand story?
Michele: The brand story is very nice. We took the name after my great grandfather's story. My great grandfather moved to the United States in 1910. So 115 years ago. He came here to Ellis Island. So we also get back the record. They're printed on the store. And he moved to Boston working on the railways. But at the time they didn't have a Netflix or things to do in the evening, so everybody was doing another job. And, in the house he went to live, he found this wooden box with two drawer, one with the shaving tool and the other one for the money. And so he just learned how to shave and became the barber of the Italian American community over there.
Investor question: Is that integrated into like the packaging in any way? Like is his face there or something like that?
Panel Investor: It's a great story. Is that integrated into like the packaging in any way? Like is his face there or something like that? Just the name.
Michele: No, we just the - his nickname is Barberino because -
Investor question: That was his nickname?
Michele: - he was young. Yeah. And it's like little barber in Italy.
Michele: This is the same, the same passion, the same entrepreneurial spirit of Barberino, we want to bring it back more than one century later.
Michele: We print out the Ellis island register with the picture of the boat and it is on Madison Avenue. It's like -
Michele: I see. Thank you.
Investor question: What is sort of the funnel for how people end up becoming customers?
Michele: Yeah. This is the main one.
Michele: And with the store for us is like kind of a negative cost of acquisition because actually they pay us.
Michele: And then they become customers
Michele: 75 percent of our revenues in Italy are generated by recurring customer. And then those client, they can find us in department store, in other cities, to replenish the product or online. With our flagship store, we just want to be in big cities where people aspire to live, but maybe they cannot. So, okay, well, Barberino, I wish I can go there, put a towel on my face And so you get this aspirational momentum that push you also to buy our products. And by the way, we are onboarding on Nordstrom. So ideally we're going to be there in the second quarter of 2025.
Investor question: Typically then the question is, well, stores, are they capital intensive and what does it take to open a store? How do you think about that?
Michele: Our store, we expect to have 1000, 1250 square feet store. It cost us, around half a million to build one. And we target to do revenues in excess of 2 million for each store. So starting from year three and with a 30 percent EBITDA margin. This has been working consistently in Italy and is already proven in New York City.
Investor question: And how do, how do you get your customers? Just by location?
Michele: Let's say that in the location we look for, we have like a perfect combination of offices, residential, and also tourist traffic. And because at the end of the story is a matter of capacity. So we just need to be at capacity every day. There are like 15, 10 to 15 cities in America that are perfect for my urban format and where all my clients live. And these are the city that we are targeting with, for our location. And if you think about us, we are a newly established company, kind of a startup in the United States, but we are backed by a fully fledged organization in Italy that is generating like 5 million almost revenues with positive EBITDA.
Investor question: To open these stores, are you essentially taking out loans or?
Michele: Now, we are raising equity because as a foreign resident and newly established company, we are not bankable. But our retail presence is very bankable, and so we expect to raise debt, by the time we achieve our first year, first annual statement, and first equity raise. So we expect to raise a good mix, two thirds of equity, one third of debt.
Investor question: And how much have you raised so far?
Michele: No, in Italy, we raised 5 million euros.
Investor question: And how much have you raised so far?
Michele: No, in Italy, we raised 5 million euros.
Michele: We bootstrap, we raise half a million to expand outside Milan, then COVID hit. So we raise a second raise to go through COVID. And then we made a third raise in Italy that served to onboard a brand ambassador, a famous soccer player in Italy, to launch wholesale and to kick off the operation here in the United States. But that was the last raise we, we did in Italy.
Investor question: And the US thing is a new entity not owned by the Italian entity?
Michele: No, it's a new entity owned 90 percent by the Italian company, 10 percent by strategic brand investment.
Michele: And we now want to raise in the United States
Investor question: And investors today are getting a piece of everything? Or just the US?
Michele: I'm making a new business in the US. So fund raising in the US.
Investor question: So no, it doesn't include the business in Italy?
Michele: No. What we believe is that 95 percent of the shareholder value we're gonna generate in the next year will come from the US. I mean, in less than one year, I'm making more than 25 percent of - all the revenues that I'm generating here in US, and for this reason, we want to grow and we want to invest in the US only in the next year.
Investor question: How do the Italian investors feel about that?
Michele: Feel good.
Investor question: Oh, they do?
Investor question: What sort of valuation are you looking for? How do you think about this?
Michele: With 1.5 million revenues, we are targeting a 7.5 pre money valuation.
Investor question: I immediately, when I was like, he's Italian, it's going to be good, right? He's Italian, you know? The fact that you're seeing men buy Korean face masks, sheet masks, right?
Panel Investor: I immediately, when I was like, he's Italian, it's going to be good, right? So it's like a bias, like, it's going to be quality, it's going to be good. It's got to smell good. He's Italian, you know? So I think that's positive. The way that you're bridging the Italianness of it with the American immigrant story is also quite genius, I think I do think that it is really interesting to see the rate of Botox amongst men. The fact that you're seeing men buy Korean face masks, sheet masks, right? There is this push into beauty and self care that is happening with American men. I think the idea of these sort of luxury barber salons is fantastic. And I think, you know, men have a lower churn rate than women in the beauty category for sure. So I really love that. And the way that you're talking about economics makes sense to me. I think that for me, one of the reasons that I rarely invest in beauty is because we have a $100 million fund and the way that we think about returns for our fund is we want the opportunity for every company that we invest in to have the opportunity to return our whole fund in order to make the venture math work, which means that we need minimum, kind of billion dollar exit potential, and with beauty, that's rarely the right path to go. And so what you're talking about with building the business up into the tens of millions of revenue and then getting it acquired in the hundreds of millions of revenue, I think that that is achievable. I think that is smart. I think that is how most people exit in beauty. The failure rate is lower, but the upside is also quite capped. So my sense is not a fit for me simply because of the way that exits happen in, in beauty. But I love what you're doing. You are strategic. You are smart. And I would love to see this take off. So big, big fan. And definitely have some intros that I can make to people who are looking for, you know, strong beauty brands.
Michele: Super. Thank you very much.
Investor question: What was the exit to Procter and Gamble, a few hundred million?
Panel Investor: Congratulations on the business and the progress. I'm struggling here on a few things. Certainly, the market exists. People get haircuts and shaves, for maybe hundreds or thousands of years. They'll continue to do that. So, it's a big market. It's a little concerning not seeing anyone else that you can kind of point to, besides the Art of Shaving, and I'm curious how big they were. What was the exit to Procter and Gamble, a few hundred million?
Michele: Yeah.
Michele: I see. Yep. I see your point.
Investor question: What percentage is coming from the products and what percentage is coming from stores?
Michele: In Italy is 80 percent from experiences and services and 20 percent of products. But we are shifting that. So starting from the US venture. So in US we are now like 65/35. And we are targeting to go 60/40 and then 50/50.
Investor question: When did that store open in the US?
Michele: February, 2024.
Investor question: And that was a million dollar revenue?
Panel Investor: All right. And that was a million dollar revenue?
Michele: Yes. Now we are at 1.5 run rate.
Investor question: At full utilization, what can a store do? At full utilization, what can a store generate?
Michele: At least 2 million.
Investor question: And so for me, the big question isn't how do you get to 50?
Michele: Happy to have a follow up. Yeah.
Investor question: How do you think about the financial plan even beyond this round?
Michele: In order to get to 50 million, we believe that we need between 13 to 15 million in funding and we believe we can get up to 4 to 5 million in debt because of the stores. By the time we open up the store and the profit will become bankable and the remaining inequity can be done in either two or three raise. By the time we achieve number of store in excess of 12, we are big enough to generate cash to fuel growth on our own organically.
Investor question: And so you're saying that you think you need roughly 10 million US dollars in equity?
Michele: Yeah.
