Kehan: Hey guys.
Kehan: How’s it going?
Investor question: What's your name?
Kehan: Kehan.
Kehan: All right. Hi everyone, my name's Kehan, and I'm the founder of Terrascope. Terrascope is a property search platform designed from the ground up for finding rural properties, including lake houses, hobby farms, and any property that comes with land. During the pandemic, I was looking to buy a hobby farm with nice crop land and close to a river. But Zillow didn't have filters for these variables, so I need no ways to filter down the search result. I had to spend hours manually screening through hundreds of bad matches. And some of the properties I still believe were genuinely haunted.
Investor question: As in ghostly woo?
Kehan: Yes.
Kehan: Eventually I had to work with a real estate agent who showed me some great listings that never made it to my search result. And I wasn't alone. About 50% of buyers bought homes that never appeared during their online searches.
Investor question: What is your business model?
Kehan: So before I jump into that, I just want to give you guys a quick demo. I prepared this QR code, you can scan it, you can take a look at how the product works.
Kehan: It's kind of like, people say it's like Tinder for properties.
Investor question: Hustle farm?
Kehan: Definitely. I think the funny thing is I'm talking about computer vision in a podcast.
Kehan: So I actually have prepared a little bit handout just so you can see visually -
Kehan: The computer vision element is we're using satellite images.
Kehan: So we're extracting data -
Kehan: Google, Maxar, Planet. So there are a lot of sources we can use But as we delved into this space we realized that computer vision is fairly new. In the medical space, in medical imaging, it's pretty well-known and well used. But when it comes to real estate application, especially outdoor space real estate, when it comes to rural properties, it hasn't really been used a lot.
Kehan: I'm ready.
Investor question: My question is, what happens to your company if Zillow does do this?
Kehan: Well, I think the most important business for Zillow is the urban space. That is their largest segment. They're not worried about - let me expand to the rural space. They're most worried about fending off all these up-and-starters - realtor.com, Compass, Redfin - from encroaching into their urban markets. So that is their priority. Can Zillow do this? And my answer is - they can, but at a significant cost. Because the way we search is very unique. So it's based - it's built for rural properties because there are more data to consider. If you click on the listings on our site, you will see we compiled a lot of data that's generally not really available on Zillow. For example, recreation. Sixty per cent of buyers in the rural space care about recreation. They want to know if there's a lake, snowboarding, fishing, hunting - they want to know where those resources are in relative to their property. But without Terrascope, you have to crosscheck a lot of different resources. for them to pivot and add all this data, and change their search engines, search infrastructure, is very costly. Because they have people who are used to the particular way to search on Zillow.
Kehan: Yeah, sure. Let's say if we have a Zillow Rural and then have similar interface and have similar data - yeah, they could do it. But it's just gonna be much cheaper to acquire us to do it for them. And that has happened in this space before.
Investor question: Can we go back to the business model for a second?
Kehan: Oh sure. Yeah, so the current business model is we take a part of the commission. We introduce buyers to the agent. When they close a transaction, we get a percentage of the commission.
Investor question: And have you gotten any commission to date?
Kehan: Yes. We closed one transaction.
Kehan: Yeah.
Kehan: So the product's been live - been live about one and a half years.
Investor question: How long ago was that first close?
Kehan: This was in March.
Kehan: Yeah.
Investor question: What have you been doing wrong?
Kehan: So the.. the way we acquire customers, mainly two ways. One is we use paid acquisition; we run ads on Google. And then funnel people in that way. Second way is we use organic traction. We write a lot of articles, what it means to live in rural spaces, how to buy rural properties, how to set up your own hobby farm. We also create - actually our data scientist wrote a 14-page white paper on the future of the rural real estate market. So we're using this to draw in new customers. And we send that -
Investor question: So what are you going to be doing different? And what are you going to be doing new? What are you going to be trying?
Kehan: Yeah.
Kehan: I want to be clear, because once we generate a lead and send it to the agent or the lead gen - the partner who close the leads, it's out of our hands. We do generate a lot of leads. We generate 500 leads since - since we launched. We do have a lot of leads that comes through the pipeline. Could be better, for sure. But we don't spend a lot of money on paid acquisition, because it's not very sustainable.
Investor question: But to point, you don't get paid for all 500 leads?
Kehan: No, we don't. That's - that's the bad part of the deal.
Investor question: So then how do you - how do you - how do you help that then? Like, is there anything that your company can do to support the agents to help get that - like, what can you do to increase - can you just start charging for the leads?
Kehan: Exactly. That's how Zillow does it. They have more negotiating power, so they can do it. For us, like, as a startup, we don't have a lot of negotiation power.. I want to step back a little bit. Rural properties, most of the times, people don't think about innovating for the rural space. But 20 per cent of the US real estate market is rural. It's a very, very large market .
Kehan: So the largest leader in the rural real estate space is LandWatch.com. And they were acquired in 2017 for $31 million in cash by CoStar Group, which is a commercial real estate database. Today, that company is worth 350 million dollars. It's more than a ten time return. And here comes the really interesting part - the company's worth a lot of money. But if you go to their website, you will notice that their UX/UI is significantly worse -
Kehan: And they don't even have a map view for you to view listings on a map. So it's a very easy market to disrupt.
Investor question: Let me ask you this, what kind of people are searching? Are they actually individuals like you had described yourself? Or are they more on the commercial side of people wanting to do something with that land?
Kehan: Yeah. Both. So most of our users are looking for residential properties. We cover mostly residential. But the commercial piece is very interesting because we just attended the TechCrunch, we were at this year's TechCrunch 200. So we spoke to a lot of companies, like insurance companies, developers, even some military contractors who said, okay, this data you extract from images can be used to help us select development site, help us estimate the risk for tree overhang or wildfire, when people buy their insurances. So we built a computer vision tool as an important underpinning for the search product, but as we're talking to other businesses, we realize this is the same critical underpinning that can help a lot of other companies.
Investor question: Are you thinking about licensing these capabilities to them?
Kehan: Absolutely. So on the B2B side, We're talking to two insurance companies, two developers, and also a big hedge fund. It's still very early days on the B2B side, but we're developing our own models, we're building on the forefront of the computer vision technology. So the goal is to build a whole suite of computer vision applications that are very, very defensible.
Kehan: The current burn rate is about 20k per month.
Investor question: How much have you raised so far to date?
Kehan: 330k.
Investor question: What's your priority list right now on your product roadmap? Like what are the things that are like top of mind like these are the next two things I have to get done?
Kehan: Yeah. So the first thing we need to do is truly enrich the listing beyond any competition. We have more data right now. We have better data. for example, internet speed. People care about that a lot when they try to move to rural. But I want it to be a super delightful experience for the users to when they got on it they're like, okay, I don't need to go anywhere else, I don't need to check the crime hot map, I don't need to check the economic condition from the Fed, I don't need to check anything besides Terrascope. We haven't gotten there yet. The data needs to be extracted more effectively and more accurately.
Kehan: Absolutely. I totally agree with that. Me being the only business person attending conferences and doing pitching calls and doing the business plan and also the marketing, it's a lot. Like, I really try my hardest to work on customer acquisition as well as streamlining the funnel, but we need more help on the UX/UI, acquiring customers more effectively, and on closing more deals.
Kehan: Yeah.
Kehan: Absolutely.
