Jim: Good morning.
Jim: Hi, I'm Jim.
Investor question: What is this?
Jim: Hi. I'm Jim Brown, founder and CEO of Uncovered, and we're bringing together the most passionate true crime enthusiasts to help solve real world cold cases.
Investor question: MISDIRECTION
Investor question: And when it reboots, there’s a message on the monitor…
Jim: Jim: Brown. Pleasure.
Jim: .
Jim: Hi. Jim Brown.
Jim: Hi. I'm Jim Brown, founder and CEO of Uncovered, and we're bringing together the most passionate true crime enthusiasts to help solve real world cold cases. Let me ask you a question - who's the person in your life that won't shut up about the latest true crime podcast, or Netflix documentary they've been binging? Did you know that if you're murdered in this country, there's only a 57% chance that your killer is found? And if you're an Indigenous woman, a person of color, or a member of the LGBTQ+ community, it's even worse. To date, we've built the world's largest public database - of cold case information and tools that enable the massive true crime community to turn their interest into advocacy. And it's working. I can tell you all about the 175,000 people we had on our site last month, the 26,000 email subscribers, or the 200 paying customers. But, last January, our community solved its first case, that of a North Texas man who had been missing for nine years. And later, in October, with new public information in a 62-year old cold case, we petitioned a judge in Ohio to have a body exhumed and a bullet was found. That's the power of doing business for good. and that's why I'm here today kicking off a 1.5 million dollar seed round.
Investor question: com/cases?
Jim: Slash cases. Yep.
Jim: what we see everyone do, the user behavior is they immediately start zooming in on that map to their hometown or where they live, that kind of stuff. You can see the cases that are in your neighborhood.
Investor question: So this is like crowd solving for cold cases?
Jim: That's exactly what it is. So you know, this is not meant to be a political statement at all, but law enforcement doesn't have the resources they need to solve present day crime, let alone cold cases. And so the cases that we work on are a minimum of three years old, so that we don't get involved in an active investigation or interfere in it.
Investor question: How does the community end up being able to help?
Jim: So the first thing is like let's think about discovery of the case. What happens is you listen to one of these podcasts or you watch a documentary, and as soon as you've consumed that content, you then go to Google and you search for the victim's name because you want to learn more. So Uncovered is - like, the individual cases are
Jim: Are you interested in true crime? Is this a thing that -
Jim: Well, I ask that question because killers do stay very close to the crime.
Jim: They follow it. And so we do believe that the killers will come and become members of Uncovered and we'll track their IPs and we'll give that information to law enforcement to help solve these cases. But your original question, we do verify manually every piece of information.
Jim: We try.
Investor question: Who's uploading these cold cases? Are you guys hooking up to something that the government provides? Or are these like individuals of family members and friends that want to upload?
Investor question: How do you get the data?
Jim: It's a combination of all. So the first level of our database is all publicly available information. So we've gathered information from news sources, from podcasts, from databases, things like that, We also have podcasters, all of the content creators that are constantly putting new information into our database as well. We hear these stories on the nightly news, or on the podcast or in the documentaries, etc, but that's not all of the stories. Most of the stories aren't getting told. There's actually something known as missing white woman syndrome, where the media loves to cover attractive white women missing cases. Gabby Petito was an example of this last fall, right.
Jim: So that's a thing. So first level of the database is all publicly available information. Second level of the database starts to bring in law enforcement connection and family information. It's been very interesting the reception that I've got from law enforcement. There are those that are more on the conservative side that see this as their data, their investigation. They told us to go pound sand. We don't want your help. Then there's those on the more progressive side that have said, hey, this might be the future of policing. And the way we're doing things isn't really working either, so maybe we help get out ahead of this and work with your community and teach them how to do it so that we can still prosecute a case if it comes to the court system
Investor question: What's your monetization strategy? How are you gonna make money on this?
Jim: So how we're making money today, we've got three revenue streams. The first one is we have programmatic ads on our website. Our second one is paid sponsorship of our newsletter. And then we have our paid membership. So that's what we have currently. There is a law enforcement play for this, as we go into the future. There's 17,985 law enforcement agencies in America. So I'm like, hey, why don't you give us your data, we'll clean it, store it, and keep it updated, and then give you an API feed to go back. But then also give them almost like a CRM, if you will, to say, hey, public, we need your help on this case, or we have DNA in this case, or something along those lines.
Jim: Today, yes.
Jim: So the first does still start with the media company. That is the business model that provides the other things for us to go, right. The KPIs that we're looking at is absolutely growth of the traffic to the website. We expect that we're gonna be able to - in the next 18 months - get to over 10 million visitors a year to the site. And then growing that paid community. And I'm still gonna leverage - the newsletter. Because I think we can get that to well over 100,000 and continue to sell that for more, but the paid community itself, I think we can get somewhere in the neighborhood of 5000 paid members in the next 12 months on that.
Investor question: How are you building that tech stack, in order to be able to solve these mysteries?
Jim: It's a fantastic question. And when we were first getting started with this, the idea was, like, let's just gather all the data and so we can start to find things that humans wouldn't actually be able to see in that data stack. To date, we have not built anything for that, because we haven't found the use case for it. In order for me to invest the resources to build the tool to sell to them, there's gotta be a customer on the other end of that.
Jim: Front end, yes. Back end, no. Back end is exactly what I want to do. But we're not there yet.
Investor question: I just have a quick question on - I don't know this - but if someone solves a cold case, is there some sort of like - I use the word 'referral' cos I'm in tech - bounty, I don't - whatever the word is?
Investor question: Is that even a thing? Or did I just come up with it?
Jim: It's yes and no. No. It's absolutely a thing. Not every case has a reward, but lots of them do. However, this community is not influenced by money. It's very much altruistic. We've tried to like offer that as a concept. It's just not something that they're interested. They want the case solved. As I've dug into it further, though, the percentage of those rewards that are actually ever paid out is abysmal. It's big carrots dangling, and they're never paid out for some stipulation that happens.
Investor question: May I ask you what your revenue is today and what your burn rate is?
Jim: Yeah. So we - year to date, we've made $18,000. We made $13,000 all of last year. Burn rate is currently about $20,000 a month.
Investor question: Where else does this audience hang out online for entertainment content? Like what do you think is sort of their media universe?
Jim: Facebook and Reddit. There's a subreddit called r/UnresolvedMysteries. It has 1.4 million members to it. And at any given time, there's 100,000 people online in that community. The other's Facebook. There's a Facebook group for almost every missing person's case or murdered case But people have told us, like, they don't want to be in there, for a couple different reasons. One, you don't know who anybody is, you don't know the information they're bringing to the table. If you're on Facebook, they don't want to see pictures of their friends' kids and dogs and vacations and then a murdered person. Right. It's just not something they want to do with that. That's where this community is spending their time. Then there's Netflix, there's the podcasts, there's all of that.
Jim: It's the number one category of entertainment.
Investor question: What are people paying you for that they can't get elsewhere? What are you - like what's enough for someone to come and pay you money?
Jim: So the thing that people pay us money for is the community itself, access to being together.
Investor question: So is that 200 people? Or is that more people that are in that community?
Jim: So, all of the tools on our website, if you wanna help contribute to a case, research cases, bookmark cases, get case updates, it's all completely free. If you wanna connect to the community and bring in the guest speakers and things like that, that's what you're paying for, which is $11 a month or $97 a year. This is an interesting community, cos I can tell you all about our target audience. It is women, 25 to 45, they have their own events called like Wine and Crime. I literally had a lady say -
Jim: I had this lady tell me, she's like, yeah, me and my girlfriends literally just did a staycation, we rented a hotel room, bought a couple bottles of wine and just watched true crime documentaries all night.
Jim: It's a thing. Yeah. But those groups of women are not actually that often together. And you don't just go to work and talk about crime and like murder and death or with your spouse, right. So they seek people that are like them that doesn't make them seem weird or strange. So that's one of the reasons why they do come together on the site.
