Jason: Hi everyone.
Jason: Jason. Nice to meet you. I'll sneak around this way.
Jason: Jason.
Jason: Hi everyone. I'm Jason Vego, the CEO and cofounder of Bevz, and we're on a mission to power the snack and drink industry through convenience stores. I assume you've all been to a convenience store or liquor store at some point in your life. What technology do you remember seeing when you went in the store?
Jason: Rarely. But sometimes, yes.
Jason: Point of sale. Cool. That's pretty much what you'll see across the 150,000 convenience stores in the US and the 1.2 million convenience stores globally. And there's a ton of restaurant technology, companies like Toast, Chow Now, etc. The problem is none of that really works for convenience stores. The other big factor is that these stores are really reluctant to technology in general and outsiders. We really know this customer and this market, because my cofounder has owned and operated convenience stores for 38 years. He literally is our customer. And we built Bevz, which is a SAAS platform that helps convenience stores stock the products that their customers want and then easily sell those products in store and online. Today we have 330 stores using the SAAS platform, we're growing 21% every month, we have a 95% conversion from free trial to paid subscription, and we have a 99% monthly retention. And today we're raising $1.6 million that we're gonna use to acquire 2000 convenience stores, build six more product integrations and reach a $3 million run rate ARR before we raise our next round.
Investor question: Can you talk a bit more about like your personal story and why this is something you're really excited to be working on?
Jason: So prior to Bevz, I started a software platform for dog groomers. That failed quite miserably for a lot of reasons. But I've always been really excited about helping a specific vertical and especially SMB. I've known my cofounder Victor, who I just mentioned, since I've been a kid. So I met him when I was six years old. We were neighbors. He was my basketball coach. He calls me in 2019 basically saying, like, no one's building anything for convenience stores. Like, we gotta do something about it. and it felt like this perfect opportunity to team up with my kind of close friend for a long time and solve the problem.
Jason: Yep. So 88% of our stores are in California today. In terms of onboarding them. We built everything to be self-reliant, so we have a Zendesk integration, allows them to walk through the entire steps, pick what ecommerce apps they wanna use, whether they wanna order inventory, etc. And we still get calls, and we still get messages. But it's surprisingly minimal for what you would expect with a really not tech savvy customer.
Investor question: What percentage of people start the free trial and then cancel?
Jason: Five percent. So 95% conversion.
Jason: And then we're keeping, like I said, a 99% monthly retention. We've lost 13 stores in the last nine months, so super strong retention rates, which even bears the question of should we be charging more? Should - should retention be that high? A lot of questions. But yeah, 95%.
Investor question: Can you talk about pricing?
Jason: We charge $79 per month to use the SAAS platform. Where we're increasing our revenue is we do advertising partnerships. So we'll work with brands and use our solution to advertise their products through the platform to the store, and they'll pay us a monthly rate. And actually right now, we're doing $44,000 in average monthly revenue from advertising partners. But yeah, 79 bucks a month for the SAAS, and then ad partnerships.
Investor question: Sorry, you're making 44,000 per month off of ad revenue?
Jason: Yes.
Investor question: And then how much are you making off the SAAS revenue?
Jason: $25,000.
Investor question: How do you think through your customer acquisition strategy?
Jason: Yeah. So we're inside sales driven, but there is an outside sales component. But overarching, we are sales driven. We've tried marketing, we've tried different mechanisms. But today, I can consistently add stores through sales. It's a pretty quick sales cycle. Usually a couple weeks. What we'll do is we'll start calling a territory, close deals over the phone, and then we will supplement that with outside sales, physically send the person to go meet the stores that were like right on the cusp. And then they almost always, when a salesperson goes to a location, they'll get other stores that they didn't plan to meet or things like that. So inside sales driven. We know how to scale that up. And each sales person can get 20 convenience stores every single month consistently.
Jason: Yeah. Cool. Yeah.
Investor question: Can you talk a little bit more about how much you previously raised? So what the timeline's been on that?
Jason: Yep. So we've raised 930,000 total to date. That came in a few chunks. So we did a $300,000 family and friends round in 2019. We were a very different company before this. We were an alcohol delivery marketplace. If you're familiar with Drizly or -
Jason: Yeah. We were Drizly copycats. 300,000 went toward that business. That's gone. Then we bootstrapped. We did an accelerator. Raised 25,000 from that. And then we did a pre-seed round summer of last year. That was a $605,000 round at a 5 million post money on a convertible note.
Investor question: So how much equity do you own as the founder?
Jason: So I have 14%.
Jason: Yep.
Investor question: Oh, you have 14%?
Jason: Our founding team together has about 70%. So it's a combo of me, my cofounder Victor, and my CTO Victor transparently owns the most equity for a couple reasons. One is he started it when I wasn't ready to come on, so I am cofounder, obviously. But I wasn't there in that year of really getting it built. The second and really the biggest one was when we pivoted, he paid me personally a salary because I couldn't live off no salary at all. And so the agreement was, you get to have more equity and I need money to live off of, and here we are.
Jason: Yes.
Investor question: Do you envision a world in, is there a future state in which there is more of a self-serve, or is there a bigger role for marketing or do you think just given the nature of the customer, even as you grow your customer base, it's sales is still gonna be like the primary customer acquisition vector?
Jason: It's gonna be sales driven for a while.
Jason: What I like about that, though, is it is controllable for us. Yes, there are humans and things like that, but we're not relying on Google ads or, someone to sort of control that. We can get people and sell it, but I do see the trend slowly, and the more our brand builds, I'm absolutely sure we can do sort of big marketing efforts and get people to apply inbound.
Investor question: Is there any difference in selling to the independents and the small chains? Is that sales motion any different?
Jason: So it depends. So independent and small chain. 71% is represented. That's who we're targeting today. There's a blend in the middle of that. So we - we acquired a 23-store chain last month. That was an independently-operated store chain.
Jason: Quite a similar sale. They definitely tried to negotiate us harder because they have 23 stores, they have a little more power, but that's more of the independent sale. Then you have franchise models, which are getting really interesting. So actually today we have 7-Elevens, Circle K, Shell, Chevrons on our platform. Very few. With those, it's tricky.
Jason: They can onboard just as an independent, cos they really run their own store, right. But what we're finding is, to really get all of them, we're gonna have to go to these like local franchise models. So I think short answer to your question is it's relatively similar. So we've talked to like a group like GetGo, they have you know like 400 stores, things like that. That is a different conversation, when you get to corporate. So I'd argue it's not like chain. It is - are they a corporate? Or are they more like independently operated franchise? The corporate typically requires certain things. They're gonna want POS integration. Another thing would be like we, depending on if they sell hot food or not hot food. So just little features like that. All very buildable, but today it's we can go plug and play to pretty much any independent or small chain. Not a corporate yet, though.
Investor question: Why - why did they leave?
Jason: Yep. So I can give you sort of exactly why all of them left. There was an outage in Coachella weekend that caused a few stores to leave. Even though it wasn't our fault. It was one of our ecommerce partners. We get the blame. Another couple is, we had a store, sort of a middle California. no ecommerce orders, because there is nobody ordering from those places. it's not enough ROI for the platform. Those were the two most common. And then I'll give you the third one, which I think is funny, but it's only been like two stores, is I'm fairly confident they were afraid to say no to our salesperson, where they were just like, I just need to - to like say yes so this person stops talking to me.
Jason: It's only been a couple.
Jason: Yeah. it's a couple stores, right.
Jason: And that's gonna happen, right. We want them to be aggressive.
Investor question: What valuation range are you looking to raise on?
Jason: So we're doing a 9 million post money valuation cap, another convertible note. We’re raising the 1.6. And we have 1.3 committed already.
Jason: Coming along. Thank you. Not a fun time to raise money. but uh
Jason: Thank you.
Jason: Yeah.
Jason: Yeah.
Jason: Can I ask you a couple questions?
Jason: Yep. So one question would be if cap table adjusted fast, would that affect your decision?
Jason: I think that's doable. So Victor and I, like I said, we go way back. If I called him after this and was like, we're gonna close the round, you need to literally send me 5% right now, I could probably do that overnight. So I'll say that's the one. The second is - I think if I showed you the model, sales-driven sounds expensive. It's not as expensive as it sounds. So for us, the 1.6 million gets us to 3 million run rate and we're on the cusp of profitability. If that affects your decision those two are actually I feel quite…
Jason: He put up real cash, yeah.
Jason: Yeah.
Jason: Yeah.
Investor question: Have you already had a conversation with Victor about your equity?
Jason: Yes.
Investor question: And what is his perspective on that?
Jason: That I deserve more equity. I mean, transparently, it's - this is not my focus right now. It's like, I'm hearing it now more as we're closing this round; you're not the first people to sort of mention something similar.
Jason: But it's - to me, it's like, it's never - if I had 1% or something like that, that'd be like horrible. But it's a meaningful chunk, and to me, this is like - we're here to change this industry and win. And there's an emotional piece to this where I was literally couldn't afford - I was in my MBA, too. So it was like, I need to get paid. And for someone to pay me out of their own pocket when the company wasn't making really money yet, to me was meaningful, why it's here now. I can guarantee that there will be transfer, and I just haven't spent the time, because I wanna see success over my personal equity.
