Investor question: Do you love the problem you're working on?
Investor question: How does this work?
Investor question: Can they do it anything? Riverside, Zoom, whatever they want to use?
Investor question: What tools do they get rid of when they use Podcast AI?
Investor question: How much are you charging The Pitch?
Investor question: A year? Per month?
Investor question: Why did you double?
Investor question: You mind sharing a little bit about that?
Investor question: What are the typical formats people are uploading? Is it video? Is it audio?
Investor question: What's keeping something like a Restream from just going like, yep, we all do this AI stuff too?
Investor question: What - you do this, this and this but it's an extra $99 a month?
Investor question: These are all prof - people who are doing it - whether they're directly monetizing it, it could be someone who's like hey, this is - it's a corporate podcast to get our message - these are people who are doing this for commercial purposes, by and large, right?
Investor question: How much do production studios and agencies typically charge for podcast production and everything that you guys are doing?
Investor question: I guess why aren't you doing that now?
Investor question: What's to stop anybody else from doing this? What's the moat? How do you protect this?
Investor question: What's to stop anybody else from doing this? What's the moat? How do you protect this?
Investor question: Are you doing editing as well, or no?
Investor question: In '99?
Investor question: So you're a super nerd?
Investor question: How do you pull people off of their existing workflow to go with you?
Investor question: Will you ever be as good as Descript at editing?
Investor question: What are the terms?
Investor question: And what accelerator are you in?
Investor question: Did you say how much you raised so far?
Investor question: Out of the million?
Investor question: How long have you been a customer, Josh?
Investor question: - I guess where I was going with this is can you talk about your experience as a customer?
