Virginia: Virginia.
Virginia: Virginia.
Virginia: Well, hi, I'm Virginia Frischkorn. I'm the founder and CEO of Party Trick. We are the operating system powering the experience economy. So the last 16 years of my career, I've built four different businesses in the event space, done over $100 million worth of events. And when COVID happened, events came to a screeching halt. And at that point, I had three businesses, a full staff, two very young children, I'm a single mom. And then I went through one of the most disruptive life events you can imagine. I could sit there and feel sorry for myself. Or I could look at this as an opportunity to take all the tools, the systems, the workflows that had scaled all my businesses in the past and bring them to the masses. So fast forward, fall of 2022, we launched Party Trick as a consumer facing application. It's like having a virtual party planner in your pocket. Tells you what to do, when to do it. You can host any party, anytime, anywhere. A few months into it, we had our subscribers reach out and ask us for work content. They love their parties at home. No one really likes planning a work event. Corporate spend on events is $95 billion a year. It's a $322 billion industry. And we've been talking to customers in a wide variety of segments. So we're now building this new platform that scales repeatable events. But above and beyond that, we are capturing the data and metrics to help them calculate ROI on these events. We are raising $1.3 million dollars to disrupt the events industry by powering experiences with PartyTrick.
Investor question: So question, how do you track ROI on events?
Virginia: Everyone has a different definition.
Virginia: Right, exactly. So our first segment is the beverage industry. And depending on who our decision maker is, whether it's the sales team, the marketing team, they're all tracking it differently. Honestly, some people just want to know at a trade show what the breakdown is of, is it consumer? Is it trade? Is it media? Really, everyone has a different metric. So we've got about the 10 core for the beverage industry as well as CPG, specifically apparel and beauty. And that's what we're building in this 1st uh version.
Investor question: How much revenue have you done to date and how do you charge?
Virginia: So the product in market right now is our consumer platform. It's $89 a year, $9 a month. With this evolution, the model changes a lot to B2B SaaS, and annual contract value of roughly 40,000, scaling up to roughly 100,000 based on the size of the business.
Virginia: Yeah. I'll do a brief walkthrough. So just high level education on the events industry - events have three really core components: plan, design, execute. Party Trick delivers for our corporate clients basically what we call blueprints. So a blueprint covers all those - what you're doing and when you're doing it, and it goes on to the platform end to end. So from what it's going to look like, what you either need to buy, what you need to DIY. And then the execution is this timeline. So think of it as like a content loaded project management tool. But we also have the service providers as partners. So that if you need to find a bartender, if you need to have your beverage delivered, if you're looking for a venue, we can actually plug and play with some of the quote unquote competitors in the space so you can have a one stop shop. Does that make some sense?
Virginia: Okay.
Investor question: Would you mind getting me to the full understanding of exactly what the blueprint piece of the present model is?
Virginia: Yeah, of course. So the blueprint is essentially what that plan is. It's like going to a party planner and saying, please tell me every single thing I need to know about this event. What should it look like? What am I buying? How do I build the balloon wall? What you're serving, what, like how you're actually going to design the space, what music you might play, what swag you might have, how much swag you might need. So it really covers every single thing of like, Hey, you are doing a brand activation. Let me design it for you. And then they put it on top of our project management base.
Investor question: And are you presenting a menu of options for the customer or do you have a team internally that's literally curating those things?
Virginia: We have a team that's curating them. Now question is, how is that scalable? Right. So there are roughly 50 plus event types in our first few segments. 85% of those events are the exact same. You just go in and you tweak that last 15%. We have a team, they're all contractors, and we can go and basically pay anywhere between a hundred and $300 to have a blueprint created within a day. and It's pennies of what these brands would be paying an agency. I used to work with Ferrari. I worked with a lot of the LVMH brands. They would pay us like 200 grand to do an activation So it allows them to actually replicate it. And then if the staff changes again, a lot of times when there's staff turnover in the event industry, it's a pen and paper industry. You lose everything. Now, these blueprints they have and they can iterate on them, but they know exactly what happened and it's not lost when you lose a team member.
Investor question: What about insurance and all that stuff?
Virginia: Technically the host would be the person hosting the event, not us. So we -
Virginia: Yeah, there are reminders for all those fun things. Yep.
Virginia: Imagine that Whole Foods is our client, right? You go into Whole Foods right now and you scan a QR code and you can go to their catering menu. Well, what if you could scan that QR code and it's,
Virginia: Mm hmm.
