Gwyneth: . We've met before.
Gwyneth: Good to see you again.
Gwyneth: . Gwyneth.
Gwyneth: I'm a huge fan of the Hustle Fund and your newsletters.
Gwyneth: Thank you. Hi. My name is Gwyneth Borden and I'm the founder and CEO of Remynt. Remynt empowers consumers to rebuild credit while resolving delinquent debt. Something I know a bit about from personal experience. I experienced something called charge off debt. This is a point in which your credit card accounts are closed and sold to third party debt buyers. I started fully repaying my debt, and I realized that doing so was not rebuilding my credit. 27 percent of Americans and the 100 largest US metros currently have severely delinquent debt. In fact, credit card charge offs almost doubled from 2022 to 2023 from 22 billion to 42 billion. Who's in this demographic? Overwhelmingly, Gen Z, low income and people of color. They've seen their credit scores drop as much as 200 points. They now have debt collectors calling them incessantly with payment plans and options they can't afford, and they need to resolve their debt. But I found a better way. And that is Remynt. We buy charged off consumer debt, and we offer those consumers the opportunity to build and earn new credit, a savings account, personal finance tools, a community, and rewards repayment. What's novel, by opting in to paying 75 to 100 percent of their debt, we open a credit tradeline so they can start rebuilding their credit from their first payment. They're ultimately working towards a charge card that becomes available to them once they fully satisfy their debt obligation. How do we make money? We buy debt very cheaply. So we can buy high quality debt for two and a half cents on the dollar, so that means that if I get your debt that's a thousand dollars, I've paid $25 for it. Any amount over $25 is profit to me. If you want my credit rebuilding product, that means you have to pay 75 to a hundred percent of your debt. So my profit margins in thousands of percent. We are currently looking to close our $1 million round at the end of this month, so that we can spend up to $250,000 on buying about $10 million of debt value, and we anticipate recovering about 30 percent of that, so that would be a 10x return on our spend. So I hope you'll join us on our mission to get millions of Americans Remynted to a better financial future, and I'm here for your questions.
Investor question: Is that correct?
Gwyneth: No, so you opt in immediately. So you choose up front. So we make it really easy for someone who really does want to start handling this obligation. And what we do is we don't offer any preset repayment plans. We leverage marketing automation tactics, no call centers to drive people in line to resolve debt on their own terms. So people can start with as little as $10 a month. And that's one of the problems in traditional debt collection, usually you have to call and go back and forth with a collector, and we've completely eliminated that. Because there's a lot of fear and shame in this industry, and we're really focused on hope and redemption.
Gwyneth: Thank you.
Investor question: Would you mind just telling us a bit more of your personal story and kind of what led you to the company and the background and from the origin?
Gwyneth: Yeah. So as I mentioned, I personally experienced this myself and it's a horrible experience, right? You like you have these incessant phone calls, there are payment plans that are irrational, people saying, well, can't you just borrow money from your mother? Can't you just do this? It's like, no, I can't. That feeling of helplessness and being like, no, I really want to pay you, but I can't do it at the cadence that you need. And I felt that pressure in spades. And so when I realized I actually had this experience where one of my creditors, American Express, offered me the opportunity to fully repay my debt and issued a card like 90 days after the fact. And all of a sudden when I got my American Express card, my credit score started to soar. And I was like, this is the missing piece.
Gwyneth: Mm-Hmm.
Gwyneth: Oh no, you couldn't get a checking account?
Gwyneth: Thank you. In our country, I don't think we do a good enough job, when people fall behind, helping them. We know how to punish people. But we don't know how to provide resiliency. And that's what this product is really about. The problem is when you're on the rebuild cycle, those products that you're being offered only help perpetuate you to be worse off. And for people who are like smart and like highly educated, yeah, they'll get it together for the most part and figure it out. But for everyone else, lower income individuals, they won't figure it out. They'll be stuck in that kind of purgatory. And when you talk about a lot of people that are unbanked, some of them fell out of the credit system. And so that's what we're really like, it's really about helping people not fall out of the system that might otherwise do so without our intervention.
Gwyneth: Right.
Investor question: Are you buying, basically, any and all debt? Are you trying to pick and choose? Are you assessing who these people are? How do you think about that?
Gwyneth: Yeah, a couple different things. First, we're only buying credit card debt up to $5,000 maximum for an account, under three years in age. Ideally, we're the first outside collector from what they've had with the original creditor. So prior to purchase, we assess the value of the portfolio. We're working with TransUnion. They have a portfolio assessment product.
Investor question: What part of the process of the business so far have you beta tested?
Gwyneth: Well, I mean, it's hard to do that because you have to have a credit product to build with people. In interviews that we've done with potential consumers, overwhelmingly the, the two issues that they've said that they've encountered, well the three issues were like payment plans and types, right, not being affordable to them. Not knowing where to start. And then finally that sense of like someone who cares that's looking out for them because they felt really abandoned by their creditors, who were willing to extend credit to them and keep extending credit to them until they had a problem.
Investor question: So what is your long term vision? Is your long term vision to be the best debt recovery program on the planet or is it to be something else?
Gwyneth: So it is a much bigger vision, right? When you buy debt, you get 50 to 150 pieces of information on that consumer. So you have a lot of data. So we want to perfect the way that we buy debt. And then we also want to offer additional products and services that better serve our consumer base. So while we see debt collection is our entré point, we actually see our business growing much bigger on another side. Once we better understand more about that population, then we can really expand our credit box and our credit underwriting and really do that in a really responsible way to grow that company, to be responsive for people who are even just starting out. Because I've had a lot of people who've been immigrants who've said, I needed your product, not because I messed up my credit, but because I couldn't get any.
Investor question: I think once you get beyond that, then you're starting to enter some of the neobank space and your margins just drop a whole lot, right?
Gwyneth: Thank you.
Gwyneth: I'm only up to 10% we’re gonna spend.
Investor question: If the numbers aren't kicking in, then you start looking around the team, how we shrink things down? How do I figure this stuff out?
Gwyneth: But I have a full marketing stack. Braze, Amplitude, Hot Jar, Mix Panel. We're like, we're in it to win it. But again, like in basic debt collection, people pay their debt without any marketing automation tactics. So I want to remind you that the front end is that the other alternative for this consumer is not responding and being referred to a debt collector that sues them.
Gwyneth: Okay.
Investor question: What's the, like the just the minimum viable proof point to be like this business works and how can we get that?
Gwyneth: Yeah. So what we're doing actually, it's a phased in approach. So we are launching with spending a small amount, up to $25,000, and we're only doing debt collection, no credit building. In August, we layer in a credit builder line, right? Where we open a credit line for each payment to report to the credit bureaus. Then we will launch in October the actual charge card. But the thing is, we need to close this raise just to do the first step, to get in and buy very little bit of debt. We're in the process of closing our bank partnership, but they want to see us have a balance sheet of at least $750,000. So the reason I have to have the money is without it, I can't get into the market because we're partnering with the bank.
Investor question: Which of the three phases requires a bank's participation?
Gwyneth: The second phase for the credit building.
Gwyneth: So any credit building component requires a bank because I can't issue credit.
Investor question: Okay, but so that for the first phase to just get a little bit of debt and prove that you can collect it and so forth and understand the unit, unit economics, it sounds like you can do that independently of a bank, right?
Gwyneth: Yes.
Investor question: Has anyone priced this round yet?
Gwyneth: So at the end of this month, we're closing at a $5 million valuation cap. After this month, it's going up. We're less than $200,000 away from our goal. So our goal here today was to try to close out because then we can close our round and actually get into the market and make things happen.
Gwyneth: Oh, thank you. I appreciate that.
Gwyneth: That would be great.
Gwyneth: I'm so sorry.
Gwyneth: Yep.
Gwyneth: Thank you so much. That's so meaningful. I think the hardest thing about pitching a lot of VCs is they didn't have this, these kinds of issues, like people, like, like I said, like a debt collector, literally it's like, can't you borrow money from your mother or whomever, right. And so they can't understand it. And there's really a feeling like, Oh, people are deadbeats. They don't pay their debt. I'm like $70 billion of liquid charged off debt gets repaid every year, right? Our financial system wouldn't work if most people didn't repay their debt. So, going back to kind of the risk that you're concerned about, it's like I'm not concerned because people who call on the phone make a profit margin off of debt collection. I know I can beat that, right? But I feel like the concern about the acquisition is I don't think is as founded as you might all assume, just because there are 6,300 companies that do debt collection that are regulated by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, because it's such a profitable space. They wouldn't spend their time regulating this industry if there wasn't so much profit in it.
Investor question: You have at least three people up who've lived this, right? The question is, what's the percentage of people and how many people can you get to do that over a long period of time? Our goal is whatever companies we invest in, have to get to a billion dollar valuation, right?
Gwyneth: Correct.
Gwyneth: Fair point. I, I accept that.
Gwyneth: Helpful.
Gwyneth: Yeah.
Gwyneth: Thank you, .
Gwyneth: It means a lot. Thank you. Yeah.
Gwyneth: You guys are all going to regret it. I'm telling you.
Gwyneth: No, I mean, the thing is - listen. Like this is like, for me, Like this is, this is like - taking care of my mother who has Alzheimer's. This is taking care of my sister who's bipolar. This is my everything. This is not like I'm 22 years old and I'm doing this. This is my moonshot. And I am 100 percent confident that we are going to crush it and be a billion dollar company and be the third publicly traded debt buyer collector. I have no doubt in my mind. If you know me, like when I decide I want to do something, there's no stopping me. So I'm just telling you guys, in the later part of the journey, when you're thinking about it -
Gwyneth: They'll pay more later.
Gwyneth: But I thank you all for your time and your feedback. It's always very helpful. And like, thank you, because with your help, we'll be able to close out and actually prove to you all what I'm saying. Thank you.
Gwyneth: Yeah.
Gwyneth: Thank you guys so much for your time.
Gwyneth: Yay! That's awesome.
Gwyneth: That's amazing. Thank you guys so much.
Gwyneth: You just did it. You closed my round. Bye guys.
Investor question: But then as you go along, it's like, actually, no, that doesn't work, and maybe she'll figure it out, right?
Investor question: So if that doesn't, then what?
Investor question: We're selling sizzle at the pre-seed, right? And if you start to insinuate that there's maybe more steak than there is, then we'll start to scrutinize it and it's really just sizzle, right?
Investor question: Can we take a break?
Investor question: Are we over time now?
Gwyneth: It's just been an adventure this summer, working on getting into the market. And always there's so many fits and starts and things that like obstacles that are thrown your way that you have to like step over. like our payment processer dropping us because it turns out debt collection is treated like cannabis and gambling and those kinds of controversial industries.
Gwyneth: And so there are a lot of payment processors that won't work with us. So my next company might be creating a payment processor for debt collection.
Investor question: Can you talk to me a little bit about your business model?
Investor question: Did you raise any money for the company you were doing before?
