Anastasia: My name is Anastasia and I am from Finland. I would describe myself as a hustler when I set myself a goal, I can move mountains, but it will be done
Anastasia: Why not me? I know this industry. I have firsthand experienced some of the challenges when it comes to food and health. I think building is the most exciting part of life. I mean, that is what life is about to me
Anastasia: Anastasia.
Anastasia: Nice to meet you.
Anastasia: Nice to meet you.
Anastasia: Well, I hope you all had lunch because I'm going to talk about food.
Anastasia: My name is Anastasia, and together with my stellar team, we are revolutionizing grocery shopping as we know it. Our food system is broken. It accounts for 30 percent of global greenhouse emissions, and 90 percent of US population has a vitamin or mineral deficiency. But how do you fix one of the largest and most traditional industries in the world, grocery retail? Well, we figured out that 80 percent of modern consumers start their grocery shopping journey by opening social media to look for inspiration of what to cook for dinner from their favorite food creators. In fact, almost a third of all Instagram content is food and recipe content. We can connect this recipe content on social media and make it instantly shoppable at local grocery retailers. With Your Beet, next time you open, let's say Instagram and find a recipe you love, you click it and we will direct you to let's say Instacart or Whole Foods and pre fill their online e-basket with all of the ingredients in just a few seconds. This way, we also get to seamlessly pre fill the consumer carts with more healthy and sustainable food options. And the cool part is that by creating this digital layer between consumers and grocery retailers, we are collecting a lot of data. In fact, we're building the largest clean data set in a $10 trillion grocery retail market. We are the only platform that can track and improve ROI on millions, if not billions of dollars that CPG brands spend on digital marketing every year. We are live in Sweden, and we have already early revenues. Together with my experience having advised CEOs of some of the largest grocery retailers while at BCG, I joined forces with my CTO Kaku, who led startup tech teams from Seed to Series B. We are raising $1.5 million. Half a million is already secured. And we are looking for a US-based lead because US is our main market. Now we invite you to join our mission to revolutionize how millions of people worldwide shop food.
Anastasia: Thank you.
Investor question: So how does this work?
Anastasia: Yeah. I actually would love to show you if you would like to see it. So we can actually do both, is the short answer to your question via the web and we have also the app. I mean, there are many companies, let's say, LTK or Like To Know. They're worth over $2 billion right now, and we see that their success is really driven by the app. So we thought, why fix something that's not broken? But essentially how it would work. All of the food influencers that we work with, they would have a link in their bio.
Investor question: Okay, so you need the food influencers to partner with you?
Anastasia: So both. So the influencers are promoted. That's how we actually user generating, is completely organically. So they are happy to put the link in the bio. And once you click that link, will direct you through the app, where you can see all of their recipes already kind of mirrored or replicated using AI, so it's zero effort for them. And then you basically get to choose several recipe as a user, as a consumer, because that's how you shop, or at least the users that we're targeting, which is families. So you click shop with this retailer that we integrate, and we'll pre fill their carts with all of the ingredients for multiple recipes. That's the advantage of using the app.
Investor question: But you don't need to get the person to download the Your Beet app?
Anastasia: We can do both. So, so we are incentivizing the users to download the app.
Anastasia: Because that's the way we're collecting a lot of data. But also it is a more user friendly experience. It allows you to plan for several recipes, it allows you to see nutritional profile, it allows you to save it, like let's say in your favorite collections, it allows you to share it with your partner or with your kids so that it's a whole family experience and everyone gets to pitch in and plan. And then you, once you've done planning, you can click in with one click, you shop the entire week's worth of groceries.
Anastasia: Can I double click? What is the competitor? It's -
Anastasia: Yes. So their business model is a little bit different from ours. So we're not competing directly, but we're playing in the same kind of field. Food creators.
Investor question: What's more fun - what's more fun than that?
Anastasia: So we actually monetize in three ways today. We monetize with the commission to retailer. So we are much more efficient way for them to acquire users. So we're, we're saving them cost. But we also, because we're able to prefill the basket with more profitable item, we're actually increasing the bottom line as well. And they're paying us a cut. So the second stream is actually - because we are pre filling the basket, we actually can pre fill it with our partner brands, right? So then we also charge or take a cut from the brands, right? Now, how it breaks down, just to give you an idea of the numbers, I would put it like this: that for every basket that gets shopped, we make between 10 to $20. Right. On average. So.
Anastasia: Yeah, And then there is a third revenue stream, which is the subscription model that we monetize or charge CPG brands. Today they have no idea, absolutely zero clue what is actually generating them sales. But with our platform, we can, because we're connecting the influencer world with the world of point of sale, which is the retailers. To put it in perspective, how big this industry is, if you take just one brand, let's say Nestle, they're spending over, just in the US and just on digital marketing, over a billion dollars every year. It's like they're throwing that money in there, closing their eyes and hoping something will convert to sales.
Investor question: And you are already selling that data, or what - what is sort of the minimum amount of data you need to be interesting?
Anastasia: Yeah, We did a pilot with a, with a Swedish brand. They were paying us $4000 a month and in the end of the pilot, we increased their conversion rates by 22 times. So they were happy to pay us double. And that was a small brand. For majority of brands, they actually go through agencies to commission influencers and then pay 30 percent to the agency. We can so streamline this, right? So they were already working with this influencer and said, Hey guys, let us actually connect the dots to the sales channel. And then we can show you which influencer is actually performing how, right? And then you can put your money into the influencers that are performing. So that's the data that we ran with them.
Anastasia: Yes. Correct.
Anastasia: Correct. Correct.
Anastasia: Yes.
Investor question: So I would love to hear like what you think some of the predecessor companies did well? What did they fail at? Why hasn't there been one to rule them all? Like, and who are you
Anastasia: I would love to deep dive on this because obviously, I mean, that's the world I come from, is the grocery retail world. But I would summarize into three things. Right. It's quite complex to plug in to retailer. It's quite complex to create the right matching. And the timing wasn't there before. Like now is really boomed after the pandemic.
Anastasia: Yes. So I can tell you that in 2019, just in the US, online grocery shopping was two or three percent of the total market. Now it's almost 20 percent and it's growing.
Anastasia: It's growing fast. So the pandemic has really enabled online to become mass market. And the same with the social commerce. I think it grew 3x in the last three years. And it's going to 14x in the next five years. The timing is now. So there have been some companies before that have attempted this, but the market wasn't there. Online grocery shopping wasn't there, right? Social commerce was not as booming as it is today.
Investor question: When you come to the US, how are you thinking about approaching brands, retailers, etc? Do you have a strong network here?
Anastasia: Yeah. So just for record, I actually did most of my career in Australia.
Anastasia: So I had zero connections when, when I came to Sweden because of the pandemic. So I moved because of that. And then managed to start a startup not knowing anyone, close that first angel round, and close some of the large retailers.
Anastasia: So we are hoping to replicate the same success in the US, but we are much better geared, I have to say. It's actually easier for us to approach influencers in the US because they all understand this model. This model of social commerce exists in fashion and is so mass market that everyone immediately understands how it works, how it benefits to them.
Anastasia: Yes. And the amount of times I can tell you that the influencer said, you have no idea how long I've waited for this on the calls. And we are not charging them. That's the beauty, right? We're not charging the influencer and we're not charging the followers. So it's a win win. An average household spends $15,000 a year on food. We were creating a cut from that money, from the retailer back to the influencer, right? So it's really a win, win, win, win, flywheel effect.
Investor question: Will the model be the same in the US?
Anastasia: Very much similar. Yes. I mean, we already secured two local partners, which will be more than enough for a go to market. But we're really gunning for that retail CPG B2B space. And just to put things in perspective, so we project that we actually need about 4000 monthly shops to generate one million in ARR. 4000 is nothing. I mean, we already have this incredible food influencer with over 2 million followers and now she's connecting us to her friends and bringing them on board. So we plan to have over 10 million combined follower base by the end of February. I mean even if we convert - let's be super conservative. I mean, an average good conversion is 2 percent. Let's say we convert 0.5 percent, right? That's already, out of 10 million followers, that's already 50k followers that will, let's say, download our app. We only need 4000 to make 1 million in ARR.
Investor question: I'd love to better understand, how many grocery stores do you actually need? Like, is one biggie enough?
Anastasia: Yes. So we are very lucky that one of our partners that we integrate is a national, so it's a national-wide retailer that operates US and Canada. So what I'm trying to say is that it's more than enough for us to hit really high revenue numbers.
Investor question: So you have that retailer?
Anastasia: We have that retailer.
Investor question: Are you integrated with them yet?
Anastasia: We're integrated and we are receiving the commission from them. So it's not an if. It's not a when, it's happening.
Anastasia: Correct. So you can go and try it for yourself. You can try the recipe, you can shop it. And we will get a cut from that when you shop.
Anastasia: So you can go and try it for yourself. You can try the recipe, you can shop it. And we will get a cut from that when you shop.
Investor question: How much revenue have you done in Sweden?
Anastasia: Yeah, so we have done 25k in GMV and about 10k in brand revenue In just a few months. I mean it's fantastic or exceptional, I mean, Swedish market is so far behind the US market. Only 2 percent of population shop their food online compared to almost 20 in the US. And it's not even available everywhere in the country. But I'm so happy that we didn't get lured into growing Sweden further because we got that retail partner here in the US, and we pivoted to the US.
Investor question: Will you move here?
Anastasia: I already have. Three months ago, I moved to San - I sold everything I have and I moved to San Francisco. Yeah, so I'm already local.
Investor question: How often do people take the order? Like, I'm just curious, like, how should we think about the, that conversion?
Anastasia: So we see that from people who could shop in Sweden, about 10 percent actually checkout, which is quite high. Because we start to learn what you like, what you have at home. So we can also see every time you order our recipes, we can actually see if you cooked it or not. Because we see if you spend time on the recipe or not. So we can see that, okay, you, you bought this bag of rice, but you haven't used it. So we can prompt you in a smart way. Okay. You've, you've still have the rice left. Would you like to cook this recipe with it instead? Right. So we're also tackling sustainability in food by reducing waste. And the other exciting part we are finally, finally able to actually introduce a concept of dynamic pricing in grocery retail, which doesn't exist today. Grocery retailers, they, they waste about 30 percent of all their produce. Just goes to the bins, right? So, but what we can do is to say, okay, Hey guys, you have a, too much supply of, let's say pumpkins. We can reduce the price dynamically and nudge users through a pumpkin based recipes to generate more demand, right?
Investor question: Can you say more about the financing history? 5 and there's 500k committed, so there's a million open?
Anastasia: Yes, yes, yes, exactly. So there's 1 million open, and we're really looking for a US-based lead because all the future rounds are going to be US based. That's how we see it. We can actually close it already in Europe, but we really want a US-based lead.
Investor question: Have terms been set on this round?
Anastasia: Uh, yes. But of course, we have to discuss with the US-based lead. We are looking at a $10 million valuation.
Anastasia: Fantastic.
Anastasia: Sounds great.
Anastasia: Fantastic. Sounds like a good match.
Investor question: I have one other question for you just, at scale, how do you think about the balance between the sort of commissions and the brand deal from - like what does that look like at scale?
Anastasia: Yes. So I think actually, majority, I would say two thirds, so quite aggressive, of revenue will come from the CPG brand space.
Anastasia: Yes. But the cool part is that it's so scalable. I mean, you can automate it with a dashboard, basically give them access to that dashboard. It's $2 trillion globally is what they spend on marketing, completely in the blind with no traceability. So of course there's so much low hanging fruits that we can go for.
