Adam: I'm Adam.
Adam: Nice to meet you. Good to see you.
Adam: Nice to meet you. Adam.
Patrik: Patrik. Nice to meet you.
Patrik: Patrik.
Patrik: Nice to meet you.
Adam: Yes sir. Yes sir. Awesome.
Patrik: Alright. So, hello everyone. My name is Patrik. I'm the oldest of the four sons. My father was high ranking military officer. My mom, teacher, kind, very religious, so they tamed my crazy teenage period by swimming classes. And they did good, the right thing because almost 20 years ago I was able to see Adam swimming and training with his dad. And even though he wasn't big as he is right now, I still was like, whoa, how could this big mass be moving so fast and efficient in the water?
Investor question: What stroke?
Patrik: He was, he was butterfly and freestyle.
Patrik: So that's even more impressive if you look at him. So over the years we swam for Slovakia national team and we became very good and close friends and we always talked about doing something together, some business, some venture. And years later I got chance to work with a company that was tackling electrification of construction equipment industry. So I picked up the phone, I called Adam and I said, Hey, I got this opportunity and I think this might be the next Tesla of this industry. Are you in?
Adam: I remember this moment. And when he called, uh, one would say it was the right time and right place, right? It was three years after I graduated with an engineering degree from Florida Tech, which I attended on a swimming scholarship. And I was ready for my American dream to continue. So when I picked up the phone, I almost yelled. I was like, yes, of course, I, I'm in, I'm in. Within the week I was on the plane to Slovakia. We met with Patrik and that's where our business journey started. Fast forward two years, the company we worked with got acquired and then we didn't really align with the vision and uh, we decided to walk away. However, the relationships we built proved that our vision was working. The customers and the dealers started to call us. They're like, Hey guys, what happened? We wanna work with you. And that's why we created STAG and we design and manufacture construction equipment to be electric from ground up. So this massive, massive equipment can move way better and way more efficiently. Let us show you what we built.
Adam: We actually last week, we secured our first investment and that allowed us to kickstart a production. So the prototype had to go to the manufacturer in Indiana, so, made in USA product. So, um, this is like a quick video from what we've been doing in the last three years. That's our prototype.
Adam: Bobcat of Palm Beach, one of the dealers we, we are working with.
Patrik: Yes, yes. It's like Swiss Military Knife.
Patrik: It’s versatile
Adam: Mm-hmm.
Adam: Yeah. I, I think we know, who we, who you’re talking about
Investor question: Are both of those sort of innovations in this space?
Adam: So, based on our research, this category, that mini skid steer, you stand on, you walk behind with it, it's the largest growing sector of the compact construction equipment. So that's why we decided to, this be our pilot product. to basically make a name for ourselves and enter the market. And we design it to be electric from ground up, so we basically design it on a scalable platform. So from that we can bring other products, in house. Right. so this is our first product. Then we have 4 other products in the pipeline we wanna build.
Investor question: And what is the partnership with Bobcat?
Adam: So the company is built on feedback from customers who actually use this equipment every day. When we entered the market with the prototype, we put it on a trailer, you know, we bought a truck and we just went to the road Let's say I put it all over 40,000 miles on the truck in a year. So we stopped at Bobcat of Omaha. Curtis Lane Equipment, largest Bobcat dealer on the east coast. and they all wanted to sell it for us, which was really big surprise, you know, like
Patrik: What's going on?
Adam: And, uh, what surprised us too is they actually went to headquarters and they're like, we don't really have equipment like this. Can we sell it? And they're like, yeah, we don't really plan to go into this right now. Yeah, you guys are free to sell it. So that was, that's really important especially down the road.
Patrik: Yeah.
Adam: When you, when you're thinking about mergers, acquisition and so on. So
Patrik: So, Bobcat is a leader in the industry, So it was a big thing for us. Even John Deere dealers, they were interested ASV dealers, Kubota dealers. Six years ago when we tried to call them, it's like, what? Gimme a break, you know?
Adam: And now they're calling us. So
Patrik: Yes. And we have customers, even we found now, we didn't do any marketing. People keep calling us and emailing us and they say, is this already in production? Can I buy it? When I can receive it? And people can wait 6, 8, 9 months because they need it. Because government is restricting them to use a diesel equipment in the big cities.
Investor question: As someone who's new to the product, can you tell me stories about what failed? Like Can you gimme some highlights or low lights of the product?
Adam: the biggest thing was, those uh, times when we kind of like were failing, gave us that feedback and the problems we need to solve in the industry. And one of them was the accessibility to charging. The US grid is overpowered. Uh, a lot of people don't have access to three phase power.
Adam: So what we did. we put an onboard charger, one phase, so you can literally plug it in next to your iPhone on the wall. Then the balance of the machine, right? It's lifting thousand pounds. So, on the prototypes we kind of had the military tracks on it, so we had to adjust that and then put also high drive. So we moved the electric motors a little bit high so it has better traction and so on. Um
Patrik: We also needed like stronger motors and bigger capacity for the battery. We had 14 kilowatt lithium ion, which is good for phones and cars, but ion can explode and it can burn. So we switched to LiFePO4 batteries now we have 24 kilowatt battery. We should be easily doing eight to 10 hours, which is wonderful because when you are remote somewhere, you are landscaper, you need the machine to work eight hours. We changed the hydraulics, we increased the power we need. We learned what we need to do. For example, Bobcat, they have electric skid steer here, big one. They were selling to Sunbelt a few years ago. However, they removed the hydraulics and it was a big mistake because suddenly the machine that's versatile, that has like 25 attachments could use only one attachment because they didn't develop electric attachments. So the dealers were buying equipment that was $350,000 compared to a hundred thousand dollars and they were like, okay, it's expensive shovel. What I'm going to do with it. So they were returning the machines. So that's why we removed the hydraulics from the drive. And we kept it only for the important stuff, which is the attachments.
Adam: So it can be that you know, that Swiss knife in your pocket, that you can put a bucket, you can put a grapple on it, you can put a auger or a hydraulic hammer. And, uh, that's very important to the clients. And also we make sure that we put a standard attachment plate to the front. So if somebody has a diesel equipment, but it needs an electric one for a different type of work, they can use the attachments they already have.
Adam: Mm-hmm.
Investor question: Do you do remote and autonomous, or is that necessary?
Patrik: So it's already -
Adam: So we uh, designed the software for it, and we design it with the ability to be for machine learning and AI and with autonomous use in the future, because we know it's coming.
Patrik: No. Not yet.
Patrik: We don't have it then because even, you know, we, we working with farmers.
Patrik: We working with construction companies. Those people, they're afraid or scared to lose the jobs. And also they would like to operate because the machine is heavy and can kill people. So they still wanna have some kind of control. So that's why we have remote control. You can operate up to 150 feet.
Adam: This allows the people with disabilities, go into workforce. Right. Because for example, if they're in the wheelchair, they don't have to stand on a skidsteer. They can take the remote control and operate it that way as well. So that's one of the things we were thinking about when we were designing the machine.
Investor question: What's the price point?
Adam: the model for end customer, it's 54,900.
Investor question: What's the comparable on the gas powered?
Adam: If you load it up with the same like remote control option-
Patrik: Telematics
Adam: and stuff. Probably 45 to 48,000.
Adam: Yeah.
Patrik: The goal was to be like very close to diesel.
Adam: Yeah.
Patrik: Even though, you know, with our equipment, you are reducing the maintenance cost and total cost of ownership
Patrik: So by 70%.
Investor question: And how do you think about battery life?
Patrik: So the batteries are designed to outlast the machine. So first things it'll be changing will be some hydraulic components, maybe the tracks, the rollers and so on. The battery should last at least 3000 recharging cycles, and after that it'll depreciate to 18.8 kilowatts. So still you will be able to achieve seven hours of continuous runtime after 10 to 15 years, depending on how heavily you use the machine.
Adam: That was a learning point.
Patrik: So we had experienced that. We had that option with previous models and so on, but people were doing crazy stuff. And especially when you are on construction site. Sometimes you tilt the machine something and the battery's heavy, it's around, I think 350 pounds. So if you're trying to manipulate if it, and it falls down, you know, you, you break it, you destroy it. So that's why we try to attach it inside and like fix it. So even if you roll the machine, because people do crazy stuff with the machines, I had a customer and he's like, something happened. He sent me the pictures and the machine was like slammed. It was -
Patrik: Yes, big ranch here, it's like you know, I was just moving some trees and suddenly the machine, you know, fell down with the cliff. I was like, whoa, how that even possible?
Adam: You know how people say the, what's the fastest car? It's the rental car, right?
Investor question: What's the margin on that then in production?
Adam: So our model is B2B, right? So we sell to dealers, and dealers sell to, uh end customers. Dealers get standard 20% discount. And then our, our cost right now with small production up to 100 units is between 29 and $30,000 fully assembled. So we probably make around. $12,000 per machine once sold to dealer.
Patrik: And that's only for the machine. Then you have attachments, telematics, extended warranty for the battery, extended warranty for the other components like motors and so on. And so, and especially with the software, we are able to collect real life data through the 5G modem and we can see what's like being used the most, what we need to replace the soonest and so on. So based on this, we can calculate which parts we need to ask how much money for and where we can make more money. Especially for telematics, it's easy subscription model, and people want it, you know, it's not available with John Deeres or different companies and you have to pay a lot of money. Our goal is to set like a reasonable pricing point for dealers to sell it and to offer it to customers.
Patrik: They do, and they actually have it for some type of equipment. But the thing was that most of the time they do big equipment, heavy duty, we do compact size. For smaller, like contractors, landscapers, they have few smaller machines in the cities and so on, so it's more important. And small rental businesses.
Adam: Also. Yeah, like with the rental we've been talking to United Rentals, Sunbelt Rentals, Home Depot, Lowe's, and uh, the telematics was very appealing to them because when they rent a machine, they can track it where it is. Also, they can track if it rolls down the cliff and customer returns it and said, oh I didn't do anything.
Adam: We have the inclinometers and sensors in there, so they know if something crazy happened to it.
Adam: Yeah.
Patrik: So that’s also what we learned
Adam: Yeah. So the biggest reason to go B2B is that there's already so many dealers out there who sell this equipment, right? And they already have the dealerships ready. They have service centers. They have huge customer base who comes to them already. So it's just much less costly for us. We don't have to build brick and mortar buildings, creating new dealerships, hiring people, overseeing it, service. This way, if something happens, that customer can go to the dealership, they fix it, they're taken care of. We talk to dealers and we have some dealers signed already. We can just talk to them and put our equipment on their line.
Investor question: Can, can I go through the numbers a little bit here?
Adam: Yes, sir.
Investor question: Do you already have sell through on, on this hundred? I mean do you already have a million dollars of operating margin already booked up in this company?
Adam: So, so, so we have orders for 25 units, which is worth $1.1 million across six dealers. Why I mentioned 100 is because up to 100 you have certain, you know, prices. From your suppliers. Over a hundred. I think we can go down to $24, 25,000 costs so we can expand that margin.
Investor question: So lemme just ask a really, like, why are you raising money? With margins like that, who needs VC?
Adam: I think we can go down to $24, 25,000 costs so we can expand that margin.
Investor question: So lemme just ask a really, like, why are you raising money?
Adam: Um, so far we've been funding it through our, uh, you know, from our
Patrik: So, yeah, in Slovakia I built multiple successful businesses through which I was able to fund building these prototypes.
Adam: But back to your question, why are we raising money? We're a pre-revenue company, right? to generate revenue, we need to build the machines, order the parts, and then sell it to generate the revenue.
Patrik: And some of the parts are coming from Asia or some from some suppliers that we are pretty new for them. So they don't allow us to have a credit lines. So for example, for batteries, we have to pay upfront.
Investor question: How much capital have you put in and is that paper, what does the cap table look like and what are you looking to do next?
Patrik: So we’re raising $1 million. Our pre-money valuation is 2.3 million and we already raised $120,000 through convertible note last week. for us to start and to be comfortable, it's $500,000 is like the milestone. And the sweet spot would be 1 million. So we can like, accelerate much faster. we put together probably, I dunno, I haven't, we were like-
Adam: 650,000?
Adam: We're 50, basically 50 50 partners in the business.
Adam: Up to a million dollars
Adam: 3, pre money valuation.
Adam: Yes. Third time's the charm, I guess?
Adam: So, we have AR and PO financing available to us, but it's pretty expensive.
Patrik: So
Adam: and to build the first one
Investor question: How expensive?
Patrik: So it's about time. So longer you have money out there with the components, much more money you pay, especially with PO, the limit is almost, it's between 90 to 120 days. But with us, for example, these tests for the batteries and so on, some of the components have lead times 90 to 120 days. So the PO won't be approved.
Patrik: For these uh components.
Adam: But down the road we have agreements with suppliers that we have certain forecasts so they can stock the parts for us
Adam: So basically they're ready on monthly basis and that's when the PO, AR financing comes in hand.
Adam: Where we can turn around the PO very quickly.
Investor question: And let's say we waved a wand and you had all the money you needed today, like when do you think you can deliver this into hands of customers?
Adam: Tomorrow morning we're flying to Chicago. We're going to IVT expo where a lot of our suppliers are gonna be. And then we're driving to Indiana where our manufacturing is and we're starting production and we're expecting within first 120 to 140 days to have first production units ready. And after that, on a monthly basis, based on the forecast, we can start scaling up.
Adam: Yes. Yes.
Patrik: They sign the dealer contracts. And the part of the dealer contract is that they have to sign up for at least four machines in 12 months.
Adam: We probably visited over 30 dealers on the road show. And 90% of them were ready to sell our product, but they say make it as production, deliver it to us, and then we can start selling it and we'll, we'll commit with the dealer agreement. it's a blue collar industry, a lot of handshakes and a lot of in-person kicking tires and feeling the product. That's why we're raising money.
Adam: Because on financing, if something happens, some little thing happens.
Adam: All of a sudden the financing can basically ruin you
Investor question: What happens if you can't raise the full million?
Adam: So, we raised $120,000
Adam: That allowed us to order parts for first three units.
Adam: With those we can sell them, generate more. Also with those angel investors, they basically, they have the, the ability, the option to go up to half a million and they said, let's build the first three, see how you're doing, and then we can invest more at stages,
Patrik: They already, they already received the first five.
Adam: Yeah. Yeah. Actually there's, there's, there's a lot of things to celebrate, right? Today for me is, uh, actually on this day, 14 years ago, I came to US, Last week we closed on the first investment. Uh, we've been talking to Josh and Lisa for the last five months, and they, they gave us a big wind in the sail. This past two weeks been incredible. And on Saturday I was getting on a plane to San Francisco. I opened the Chase Bank app and the money was there. I'm like, this is real. This is exciting!
Patrik: Need to screenshot that.
Investor question: They were saying, so that's yours?
Adam: So that was the big surprise when we started the trade shows, that these big name dealers, like Bobcat, ASV, John Deere, came to us and asked us to come to present our product to them. we found out that these muli locations and multi equipment dealers are best fit for us. Because they have the ability to service the equipment, that way we can cover the whole United States pretty quickly. And uh
Patrik: And they have national accounts.
Adam: Yeah.
Patrik: So they have like, biggest demolition companies in the country. They have rental companies, and these companies, they have need for electric equipment and they don't have it. They know they're losing money when they're not selling it. So that's why I think they sign up because they said I already have like two, three customers.
Adam: So our, our goal was to have multiple suppliers for one part. But also to narrow down the suppliers to as little as possible. So currently we have probably around 25 suppliers.
Patrik: Yes.
Adam: Across the board. Our goal is to, uh, be made in USA, and I would say 70% of our suppliers are in the United States or have entities in the United States, and then the 30% like the batteries, chargers, and some small components out of Asia just because of the price point. So we can, we can be competitive with the diesel alternative, right. so we try to de-risk it in a sense where we have the least amount of suppliers and we are finding backups for those suppliers.
Investor question: Patrik, can you talk a little bit about the businesses you had before?
Patrik: I did digital marketing first and IT coding. Then I had a car company. I was selling and renting cars. And later on I started advising and helping manufacturing companies to expand to new markets. and understanding how to like find the new leads, new customers and so on. And that's actually how we learned about construction equipment industry.
Investor question: Do either of you have a hardware background?
Adam: A little bit, yeah
Patrik: Adam, little bit. Yeah. I have bachelor degree in finance, banking, investment, and a master degree in marketing and management. But later on when we did this, in six years we've been with Adam, we've been supporting all our customers and since our R&D teams, they didn't speak English, so we had to translate for them. And that's how we learned everything about the electric equipment from them. I'm not saying I'm expert because I'm not, but that's why we outsource things. But we need to understand everything we do. For me, it's very important to understand every wire, every motor, every component in the machine.
Adam: I think we, we, we turn every screw on the machine. And also with the first 3 to 10 units, we'll be putting them together because I want to know every, every part of it. but my background is in engineering. I, uh, graduated with ocean engineering degree mm-hmm. And then I worked in the field in marine construction, so I crawled through cranes and, and, uh, dredges and on boats and surveying. So, uh, I always liked the hands-on part as well.
Patrik: We talk to like three different companies. One is also from California and they all offer us PO and AR financing but they were very strict on when you have to like switch from PO to AR and if you don't do so, you know they are going after you, after the company and so on. And AR financing was also expensive. And we say, okay, that's doable, but not at this stage. We can do it maybe in three to six months. When finally the supply chain and everything is like, the wheels are in motion. Then we can go there. That's why we raising only up to 1 million and even 500 is enough for us because then we can go with the PO and AR financing.
Adam: Yes.
Adam: Yeah. Yes, sir.
Adam: We have a hydraulic hammer.
Patrik: We love questions
Adam: We love to learn. We love to learn.
Adam: Amazing!
Adam: Yeah. We would love to have you on board.
Adam: Thank you, appreciate it
Adam: Mm-hmm.
Adam: Mm-hmm.
Investor question: But at like where, at what point do, does the cash cycle reverse?
Adam: I love Costco
Investor question: They collect membership dues upfront, right? You have to pay for all your stuff upfront, and then you sell to the dealers, and then they, they pay you, right?
Adam: It kind of becomes like a, financeable circle almost, because the end, end user using financing to buy, the dealer is using Floorplan to pay you right away, basically. And then we can use the financing to finance the production. So basically you can finance it all.
Patrik: So at the beginning we need like hard cash just to start to build the first units, but later on we can switch to financing and that's our ultimate goal. but as I said, at this point, it will be very expensive and very dangerous for the company.
Patrik: It’s more about time. It's like when we, because in manufacturing, you have to have manufacture in windows. So you have, you tell your supplier in the next 12 months, every month, I need this, I need this volume of, you know, components.
Adam: I would say probably seven to 12 months, it would take us to, uh, be able to. Basically turn it around.
Patrik: Is it because-
Adam: Worst case scenarios, you know, you know, you gotta be prepared for the worst case scenario. That's why we don't wanna just jump into the PO financing and then within six months we can, you know, close shop. Right.
