Jaclyn: Hi I’m Jaclyn.
Jaclyn: I’m Jaclyn. I’m the cofounder and CEO of Pepper. Who in here has ever felt self-conscious about any part of their body?
Jaclyn: Okay. So sounds like everyone in this room. Well 91% of women who wear small cup sizes say at one point they wish their bust was bigger. And this is because we live in a world where, at a young age, girls already feel the pressure to develop during puberty. In middle school, they’re teased for being flat. As an adult, they walk into the biggest retailer of bras in the mall and are humiliated when a sales associate gives them a push-up bra to look two sizes bigger. And bras never seem to fit. These women deal with awkward cup gaps from not being able to fill in the cups all the way because they’re too deep. Or they have to deal with unnatural bulky pushup padding. This was my experience and the experience of so many other women that we found, and is what inspired us to create Pepper.
Jaclyn: We make bras that finally fit and celebrate women with small cup sizes. Turns out this is a $5.1 billion industry that’s anything but small. Since we went live, our Kickstarter campaign was 100% funded in the first ten hours. Since our official launch last year, we’ve already grown 8x. And this year we’re making $3 million in revenue run rate. I’m here today...
Jaclyn: ...to raise 1.5 million to grow our community and expand even faster with more products.
Investor question: Do you know what the terms of the round are?
Jaclyn: Yes. So we’re doing a $9 million cap. Let me show this to you.
Investor question: What is it about your bras that makes them fit better?
Jaclyn: Yes.
Jaclyn: So the number one pain point we were solving for is cup gap. And when we looked at why this was, traditional bar companies design for a 36C. That is what they think the industry standard is. So the first thing we had to do was develop our own cup molds. We used a cup mold that’s a shallower in depth. So it’s easier to fill for these women. So for these bras that you see here, we have three styles right now. And what makes them special is that you’ll notice there is a demi cup and a layer of mesh that goes on top. So this kind of has the effect of the perfect pair of yoga pants. It’s able to lift from the bottom up, really scooping you up in a natural way so you get really nice lift, even without that bulky push-up padding.
Investor question: And what do you sell these for?
Jaclyn: It ranges from $48 to $54.
Investor question: And what are your margins in the product?
Jaclyn: 71%. And this includes the end fulfilment to the customer.
Investor question: How do you find your customer?
Jaclyn: So we have a few theories about who those segments are. Um, so we know that bra size and bust size has a lot to do with genetics. For example, I'm Asian American. A lot of women, similar to me, have very similar bust size. So we'll target that way. And we'll feature Asian American models, for example. Women who finish breast feeding tell us they used to be a C cup, now they're a AA cup. And they found our bras because they were looking for something that now fits their body as it is today. Another community that we recently just discovered who loves our products are transgender women. So during the transitioning process, you know, their bodies are also changing really quickly and they're trying to find a brand that not only fits them but speaks directly to them.
Investor question: And so if you are using paid acquisition, what does that look like right now?
Jaclyn: So we’re doing Facebook ads and Instagram ads. We’re also diving into Google AdWords right now, um, which has been amazing because women are constantly searching for a solution to this pain point.
Investor question: What do they search for?
Investor question: What words?
Jaclyn: Yeah, they’ll search for things really specific. Like, best bras for 34 AA.
Jaclyn: Best bras for, best bras for 38 AA. It’s very specific. And because a lot of other companies aren’t really focusing on this size range, we’re just capturing all that traffic.
Investor question: What about just overall CAC?
Jaclyn: Yeah. So overall CAC is $25. And our lifetime value is $130. And we expect this lifetime value to go even higher, because right now we only have three products, we want to increase that.
Investor question: So if you plan on raising a tranche of capital to pour into paid acquisition, roughly how much are you thinking that might be? Or how much would be interesting?
Jaclyn: Well, out of the $1.5 million, we're thinking about doing um $1 million that goes towards paid acquisition.
Jaclyn: Yeah. And the rest would go towards hiring and inventory.
Jaclyn: Exactly.
Investor question: Are there, are there any other things that you’re doing to kind of push forward that mission besides just the product in front of me?
Jaclyn: Yes. So we’re doing a lot of fun things to have those type of conversations. For example, in March, it was National Pancake Day. And a lot of our customers mentioned when they were younger they got teased for having a pancake body. So we renamed it as National Flat Chest Day.
Jaclyn: We owned it and embraced it. So anyone who placed an order with us on that day, we sent them $4.65 back, which is exactly how much a short stack of pancakes costs at iHop. So it went viral in the press.
Jaclyn: Our customers loved it.
Jaclyn: And it was inexpensive. It was a really cheap way for us to get in front of the media, cut through noise. And it just, again, repositioned us as a brand that's not just making a bra, but we want to have these conversations.
Investor question: Does it feel?
Investor question: Like I think, so, there’s a, do you know Lively?
Investor question: And is that the same price range as, like, Victoria’s Secret?
Investor question: I don't understand how challenging is it? Like I still cannot wrap my head around how hard is it to make a new bra for this audience?
Investor question: What, what is different about these bras other than the size?
Investor question: Why is it that they cannot just extend into these cup sizes as well?
Jaclyn: Yeah. Most of these bra companies are already mass audience. They're trying to serve everyone. Um, and if you’re trying to serve everyone, there’s no way to develop the resources to be able to perfect the fit for all those sizes. For ours, we had to develop each, um, size, so that it perfectly fits that size, versus trying to use one single size and apply that design to every single person.
Investor question: But, but that is exactly, I think, I don't understand how challenging is it? Like I still cannot, even though I already asked you this, I cannot wrap my head around how hard is it to make a new bra for this audience?
Jaclyn: So I've tried both of those bras, and they don't fit me. Um, so with Third Love, um, I still get the cup gap, they're still too deep, they're a little pointy on me. For Lively, because they're bralettes and they're not shaped, they don't really scoop me up. There's a bunching towards the cup. So, you know, even though they it's for all these different sizes, it wasn't made for those sizes.
Investor question: Are you worried that like Third Love is going to come in?
Investor question: How big is this subset of the broader bra market?
Jaclyn: Yeah. We believe it to be a $5.1 billion market. And the way we got to this is the total lingerie market in the US is $16 billion. And around 32% of women fall in the BMI that would be applicable to us.
Jaclyn: Right.
Investor question: I’m still trying to in my mind sort out like, can you get big enough fast enough and own the category such that when those people do come, it’s like a futile effort?
Jaclyn: Yes. So with this 1.5 million, it will go towards hiring, product development and continued growth. And most of it will be focused on growth. So paid acquisition we know is going to be a bigger part of this story. So we’re spending more resources there. With product development, we want to start developing strapless bras, our version of a pushup bra, even start thinking about swimsuits soon. And then the last part of it is community building and brand marketing. So right now with those initiatives like National Flat Chest Day, we can even bigger versions of that with more money. So we’re just waiting for the right resources.
Investor question: How do you sequence how much to bite off? How do you think about, how should I think about the sequencing of when you add new things versus sort of doubling and tripling down just on your core product today?
Jaclyn: The next two years will still be focused on bras. This is the number one pain point of our audience. Um, and the way women shop for bras is they need a bra depending on what they wear on top. So right now we only have the t-shirt bra, essentially. We still have so many different type of bras that we haven't conquered yet. So there's a lot of opportunity there. And after we, um, get the bra category is when we start thinking about things like swimsuit.
Investor question: Where, where do you think investors can help you most?
Jaclyn: Yeah. I mean we’re first time founders. So we’re always open to advice from people who’ve done it before. And from done it before I mean have grown D2C businesses to successful exit, or have built really thriving communities, because that’s really important to us. One area we’re also diving into right now is wholesale. So we actually just launched a partnership with Urban Outfitters a few weeks ago, and that’s been met with really awesome response. They're placing a second purchase order now. So I think there’s opportunities to get in front of more women through these retail partnerships. But we want to make sure that we’re still maintaining that D2C essence, that community building essence of our brand as well.
Jaclyn: Thank you so much.
Jaclyn: Thank you for the feedback.
Jaclyn: Thank you. I can’t wait to work together.
