Investor question: What are your names?
Panel Investor: What you see is what you get.
Ismail: My name is Ismail.
Johanna: And I'm Johanna. And we're the founders of Qleek.
Investor question: And your company is Click?
Johanna: Qleek.
Ismail: All right. So this entire story started about three years ago. I was moving out of my house, going to my parents' house to get some stuff, and I go to the attic and I find a box sitting there with the writing 'record' on it. And it was my father's handwriting. And I know for sure that my dad doesn't listen to a lot of music, so I was curious. Opened the box and it was filled with these amazing classics. Bob Dylan, Johnny Cash, all the classics, all the best.
Ismail: and it was great. And it felt this deep connection to my dad, because he was probably listening to all these songs at my age. And so at some point, I think it was Times are a Changing by Bob Dylan was playing, and I got really sad. Because I thought, okay, I will probably never be able to do this when I have kids, because all our music is in the cloud. And it was at that moment that I started thinking about combining the best of both worlds, the convenience of streaming with the intimacy of the record. And that's how Qleek was born.
Johanna: And today we're here to raise 800k.
Johanna: We actually made each one of you a little present, so maybe that will help. That's for you .
Investor question: That’s your design?
Panel Investor: but let me ask you. This is such a beautiful design, I want to congratulate you on that. That’s your design? So you must be some kind of, I don’t know what you call it, a designer?
Johanna: I’m an industrial designer.
Panel Investor: I think I invented that word just now. It's a new word.
Okay, so the Qleeks are beautiful — but how do they play music?
Johanna: I'm happy to show you a demo. So basically this is the Qleek player.
Johanna: These are Qleeks. So each one of these hexagons can be a podcast, a radio show or a playlist. And all you got to do is put it on the player, and it will start playing the music immediately.
Investor question: And does it connect with the speaker?
Johanna: Exactly. It’s plugged to a speaker. So basically you can plug it to any speaker you have at home, and it will start playing the music. Or if you don’t have the Qleek player, if you’re lucky enough to be gifted a Qleek, you just take your phone, use the Qleek app - one second - and you scan the code that is on the back, so I’m going to scan it.
Johanna: And it will bring me to the same content. And now I press play and it will start playing the same, the podcast or the playlist, whatever is on this Qleek.
Johanna: It’s either/or.
Ismail: The player is really for the home experience. When you’re at home, usually playing music is a hassle. But in our case,. It’s a one step process. You grab the content you like, you put it on the player, and it starts playing. It’s great for your morning routine. My favorite thing is I’m coming back from home, from work, I remove my jacket, and I put a Qleek on before I’m even done with my jacket. And that’s the kind of friction we’re trying to remove with the player at home.
Ismail: Basically, the whole pitch of the company is to be able to gift the content you love. Today if you want to gift something to someone, any content, a podcast that you like, a playlist that you love, an artist that you really like, there’s no way to do it. You can only buy a CD, or you can buy a gift card.
Ismail: It’s a mix between iTunes, a gift card and a record.
Ismail: Absolutely. You can definitely do that. The only issue would be if you go to, if you put that piece of paper on a Christmas tree, it won’t hold the emotional value that you have with a Qleek.
Panel Investor: Really the true value here is the physical pieces? It’s the player, and it’s the physical tiles.
Johanna: There’s also another accessory that we make.
Ismail: Exactly.
Ismail: Not share a gift. It’s very different. Gifting is very different from sharing.
Ismail: In 2016, 50% of Americans have gifted a music gift. Okay. 50.
Investor question: What does that mean? What did they gift?
Ismail: That's a great question. 75% of those gifts were physical. 75%.
Investor question: What is that, like CDs?
Ismail: And 30%, the highest, the most gifted item today, in 2016, wait for it, is still the CD.
Ismail: Yes.
Investor question: Where do they get a CD?
Johanna: Amazon.
Ismail: They buy it on Amazon. They buy vinyl. They buy gift cards.
Investor question: How do they play a CD?
Ismail: They don't. People don't.
Ismail: CDs. Second is gift cards.
Investor question: That’s crazy, right?
Ismail: Well, think of it. There is no alternative. Like if today, if it’s Christmas, and we’re a family and I want to give you the artist, if I love Adele, and I want to give you the record of Adele. What can I do? I can buy the vinyl if you have a turntable. If you don’t have a turntable, I can buy a CD. If you don’t have a CD player, which most people won’t have in ten years, what can I gift you?
Investor question: Okay, you know what, really?
Investor question: Is that a true story?
Investor question: This, you can do a very similar thing with that, right?
Investor question: So how would you do that today?
Investor question: But is it possible to make these clips and to create them in the form of, almost as getting back to your point, a card?
Panel Investor: Okay, you know what, really? We’re going to so ignore that.
Panel Investor: This is so off the beaten path here. But is it possible to make these clips and to create them in the form of, almost as getting back to your point, a card? So that they're small, the chip is flat
Ismail: The issue is, if I give you this, and I tell you, here is a gift. This is a tiny business card. You're like, yes, thank you and you put it in your pocket and you forget it. If I give you, we spent a lot of time within the team, deciding the shape of the device and the product because it's a matter of...
Ismail: One musician told me, records are not, when people buy records they don’t buy music. They buy the container that has the music.
Ismail: I don’t necessarily agree with that. I think, that’s one of the biggest misconceptions about why, what happened in music. Because we apply what happens in other sectors of tech to the music space. But in my opinion, what happens in the music space is we shifted to streaming, which allowed you to just access 30 million songs in one click, instead of buying a CD and having 12 songs. And that was the difference. Paying $10 a month to access 30 million songs, that was the killer thing for me to switch to Spotify. Not because it was smaller, or decluttered my house. Actually it made me sad, sort of. And one of the proofs of that is the resurgence of vinyl. In my opinion, it’s very symptomatic of what’s happening in the music space. Millennials are buying vinyls like crazy. Why? Because they never see and touch the content they have and they love.
Ismail: I agree with you. Except for gifting. The study that I can share with you shows that millennials are the heaviest gifters in today's world. Can I give you an example?
Ismail: So we have different pilots. We did a pilot with a, for a wedding, for example.
Investor question: What did that look like?
Panel Investor: Okay. All right. What did that look like?
Ismail: This looks like this.
Ismail: It was a, actually, people who...
Investor question: You give it to guests?
Panel Investor: I see. You give it to guests?
Ismail: We give it to seat the guests. So you have, each, your name on the Qleek written.
Johanna: That's the whole advantage compared to a CD, that it's not 12 songs and they won't change. But this, you can upload, you can change it over time. So as soon as I, let's say it's a playlist, this is the mixtape I made for you. If I listen to a new song I like I will add it to this and you'll get a notification that I added new songs to it. So it's a present that's alive in a way, which is kind of nice, compared to a record that's static.
Investor question: What are your, the channels that you’re pursuing currently?
Panel Investor: So in other words, you see gifting as the kind of essence of your business, as opposed to listening to music?
Ismail and Johanna have really worked to sell their vision of Qleek to investors as
the
music-gifting company. But in defining such a specific market, have they pigeon-holed themselves?
Ismail: So we’re doing, we did three main things since we started. The first thing was to prove that people liked the product. And so what we did is to ship the product to people, put it on sale and see what the reception is.
Investor question: So where was it on sale?
Ismail: It was online. At first.
Investor question: And how many did you ship?
Panel Investor: It was online. And how many did you ship?
Ismail: 500. Our first round of production.
Investor question: And you sold all 500?
Panel Investor: Okay. And you sold all 500?
Ismail: Yes.
Panel Investor: And the cost?
Johanna: The cost of, production cost of the player was around $60. We sell it for $100. And the cost of the Qleeks was around $4. We sell for $9 upwards. And that's the whole game, or the whole interest of this round of fundraising, that we scale up and can produce everything overseas to get higher margins.
Johanna: Last Christmas we had our first retail experience, and it went really well, which was great.
Investor question: Where was it?
Johanna: It was in France, in Paris, at Le Bon Marche. You know it? It’s a bit like Macy’s. It’s a fancy old department store. And they took us in very last minute. It was, I think, ten days before Christmas because they weren't sure about the product. They were afraid people wouldn’t understand it.
Panel Investor: And that’s a wholesale type relationship? Or what was that?
Johanna: We went through a distributor.
Investor question: You went through a distributor?
Panel Investor: You went through a distributor? Okay.
Johanna: And we sold the Qleek packs for 199. And the first time they ordered only twenty because they said, okay, if you will sell one a day we’re going to consider it a success. And the first day we sold all twenty. We were out of stock immediately.
Johanna: It’s the player and six Qleeks, yeah, exactly.
Johanna: Exactly. It was the perfect Christmas gift.
Investor question: Do you know how many of those, people who bought, then of course rebought?
Johanna: Yeah. That was the thing. We saw in February a lot of people coming and ordering that we didn't know, because they didn't came through our website. So that was where the retail people, and they reordered Qleeks and the hives to hang them up on the wall.
Investor question: So what happened when, you shipped the 500, and then you waited to see if they'd come back and order, and what happened?
Ismail: And they reordered. We were surprised. Because the product was...
Investor question: How many? What was the reorder rate?
Ismail: 30% of our customers reordered a first time.
Panel Investor: Reordered meaning they ordered another click?
Ismail: Yeah, they ordered...
Johanna: They usually ordered a couple of Qleeks and they ordered a hive.
Panel Investor: Blank Qleeks? They ordered blank Qleeks to download their own playlists, correct?
Johanna: Yes, exactly.
Ismail: And the average cart was on average it was $92.
Panel Investor: Including the player?
Ismail: No. This is the second order.
Panel Investor: This is the reorder? Oh wow, that’s high.
30% reorder rate with an average cart value of $92 is a good start for the company. But Ismail’s been holding something else in his back pocket.
Panel Investor: Oh are they?
Ismail: Yes.
Ismail: And they are leading this round.
Investor question: And how much do they own?
Panel Investor: And how much do they own? Or how much will they own after this?
Ismail: So they put 350 on a 4 million cap at 20% discount a year ago.
Panel Investor: Okay. I'm just trying to get to, are they trying to just buy you guys?
Ismail: No, I think if they wanted to buy us they would already do it. They already did that with other companies.
Investor question: So what keeps you up at night?
Ismail: So, fundraising, of course.
Ismail: 18 months.
Investor question: And what do you see as the milestones to the next round?
Ismail: That's a great question.
Ismail: Because it's the other thing that keeps me up at night. What is the best strategy in terms of fundraising. And I thought about this a lot and talked to a lot of people. And what we ended up doing instead of going full scale in retail, and try to produce 30,000 units, we're going to produce 5,000 and then work on increasing the numbers of reorders. And the idea for us is to get to 40% reorder rate on the Qleeks.
Investor question: What’s your ambition, what does success look like in this business for you?
Panel Investor: I’m just curious. What is your, you’ve been talking about the business, and we’ve peppered you with questions. I personally think it’s really interesting. What’s your ambition, what does success look like in this business for you?
Ismail: For us, success means being the new medium for media. For any media that you would like to gift or to keep.
Ismail: We did, so far.
