James: right now, literal billions of dollars are going into new satellite constellations that promise ubiquitous connectivity. And it’s extremely exciting. It’s a great time to be in this space and to be in space, right.
James: So the connectivity landscape is changing right now. I mean we’re here in New York, we have fantastic cellular connectivity. Right? I mean, this morning I was just walking around, there was Wi-Fi available everywhere, cellular everywhere. But what’s interesting is that cellular is extremely costly to expand outside of urban areas. And so still 50% of the world, 4 billion people, don’t have access to consistent connectivity. To us, connectivity is not valuable in and of itself. Connectivity is valuable because of the applications and services that it enables. So that’s where we focus at Somewear. And at Somewear what we’re doing is we’re giving anyone outside of cellular coverage access to digital essentials. Which means communication, navigation, local information. The way we do that is we built a platform across hardware and software. And so the hardware is a compact satellite hotspot. It fits in my pockets. These are extremely tight pants. The tightest pants I own. Fits in the pocket.
James: Thank you. Fits in the pocket. And this connects directly to satellite constellations. And so what we do is we build our software to be optimized, it's modern UI optimized for satellite data essentially.
James: we went out and we launched a pre-order campaign in April and in 30 days we sold over $150,000 of product. umm just later this summer we're going to be shipping to customers.
Investor question: Is the idea that I turn the hotspot on when I need it?
Panel Investor: Is the idea that I turn the hotspot on when I need it? But otherwise keep it off? My native impression is that satellite data is prohibitively expensive to access.
James: Absolutely. So for an outdoor customer, let's take a backpacker, that's going on a five day trip. They should leave it on the entire time. They don't have to, but they should leave it on the entire time. Because the way that this works is we're using very small packets of data. And so you're not having an open stream of IP. That's when it gets prohibitively expensive. right? And that's the way that we keep costs down.
Panel Investor: Could you give us a...
James: You guys want to take a look, by the way.
Investor question: Can you explain that a little bit more?
James: No. So that's not why we built this. We built this for the core essentials that people need in these moments. For us in a city, of course our phone is our window to everything in the world. And one day, we will be there. What's happening with Space 2.0 is going to get us to that point.
Investor question: Can you tell me what that means and when that happens?
James: So what Space 2.0 really means is that the costs to develop space infrastructure are coming down. And so right now, literal billions of dollars are going into new satellite constellations that promise ubiquitous connectivity. And it’s extremely exciting. It’s a great time, especially for us, to be in this space and to be in space, right. And uhh what’s interesting is all these companies are focused on the infrastructure and no one’s thinking about the end consumer. The end customer that’s actually going to be using this. And so all of that technology, decreased launch costs and decreased costs of satellites, and the ability of those satellites, are creating new abilities in space. That’s Space 2.0.
Panel Investor: I'm looking at the hardware right now. There's a little SOS button there. So if I get lost on the trail, and I push that, someone will come find me?
James: Exactly. So that taps into a dispatcher that has resources all over the world that can provide a rescue. And that's actually, I'll share the origins of why I started this. So when I was younger I lost a friend in a sailing accident. And it was a very unfortunate event where she went out - I'm from Chicago - she went out on Lake Michigan with her dad and her younger sister, and they got separated from the boat. They didn't have any way to call for help. And they never made it back. And so when the boat washed up on shore, this is the part that always kind of stuck with me, when the boat washed up on shore they had marine radios, they had a satellite EPIRB, which is essentially a marine grade SOS.
James: Totally. Exactly. And so it was this realization for me of those products are designed for emergency and yet they weren't accessible in that moment. And so what I started working on, I was a product design engineering student at Northwestern, and I started working on this wearable EPIRB, essentially. A wearable SOS device that would give the ability to call for distress anywhere in the world, and it was always with you, always on your person.
Investor question: And how does this compare to something like a goTenna?
Panel Investor: And how does this compare to something like a goTenna? It’s probably the only other thing I can think of that I’ve seen that at least purports to have similar functionality.
James: So point to point communication, that’s what goTenna does. What they’ve done is they’ve created a device where you pair to your smartphone and you have point to point VHF communication. So we have to be within three miles for goTenna. And then you have to have a piece of hardware. I need to have that piece of hardware.
Investor question: That’s line of sight too, right?
James: Yeah. Exactly.
Investor question: So do users buy like a 10 megabyte plan?
James: Yeah. So business model, for this customer specifically, there's a onetime hardware purchase.
Panel Investor: Of?
James: The pre-order was at $300 and then rose to $320. Proposed retail is $350.
James: So it's a onetime hardware purchase. And then there's going to be the actual data plans. And so there are different data plans depending on how much data you'd like. They range from $15 a month to $50 a month for unlimited.
Investor question: So what else are you thinking?
Panel Investor: James, could you talk a bit about what you perceive to be the size of the market? Because on some levels, hunters and backpackers going remotely doesn't scream to me 50 million people in the US for example. So what else are you thinking?
James: Absolutely. So when we think about backpackers, there are 10 million of them in the US. So every single year, 10 million people are backcountry camping. And there are specific spots where there are concentrations of them So the Pacific Crest Trail is on the west coast. The Appalachian Trail is on the east coast. And there are a certain number of people that every year dedicate six months, six months of their time, to just doing that trail. And we’ve actually spent a lot of time on the PCT with them. We understand those customers very well. And every single one of them was like, I absolutely need this.
Investor question: Is there a primary concern or problem that they want to have an SOS button?
James: number one, the primary thing is messaging. Is communication with the people back home. That is absolutely number one. No question. However, once you get in the door with messaging, in the back of their mind they’re saying, it’s nice that I have this SOS button as well. You know for us, this is a true story, what was unique is on the PCT when we were testing, wildfires broke out. And so no one had visibility into what to do. I mean, trails were literally blocked off because there were fires on the trail. And so people would be, and this is a true story, people were hiking 50 miles through smoke, because it’s very disorienting, you don’t know where the source of the flame is, they would see flames and then they would have to turn back. They didn’t know what to do. Whereas our hikers were able to get updates, were able to get alerts of what’s happening with the fire. That is one of those things where once you have an experience like that, you know that having access to consistent connectivity always is an essential. You have to do it.
Investor question: Have you thought about making these for rent?
Panel Investor: Let me ask you a question. Have you thought about making these for rent?
James: Yeah. Absolutely.
James: 100%. I love where your head’s at. And it’s part of the business model that we’re thinking in the future we can test out. And the way that we’re viewing that is more of a B2B2C, not a direct rental to customers, where we partner with trip providers. So you show up at Yosemite, you get your permit, and at the place where you get your permit, it’s the wilderness center, you can pick up a Somewear hotspot.
Investor question: What is your margin on the hardware at 350 retail?
James: Yeah, absolutely. Oh so at 300 it’s kind of where we started, saying, okay, if we’re going to sell this pre-order at 300 then we need to price it that way and then anything above that is great. So at 300 right now we’re at about 40%. And we’re looking to improve that over time. I mean, as I’m sure you guys know, any hardware business that starts at… We’re actually really proud of 40.
Investor question: And what about on the monthly plan?
James: Yeah. About 40% as well.
Investor question: And how much money have you raised so far?
James: Yeah. So ahh we initially went through an accelerator called Highway One. and then after that accelerator we put together an angel round. So total we've raised a little bit less than $500,000. And we have built everything across hardware, firmware and software.
Investor question: What was the valuation that you raised at?
James: It was a 5 million cap. And I... If you find a company that's been able to get to this fidelity with less money, please let me know. I'd love to have a conversation with them.
Investor question: Can I turn them off anytime?
James: Yeah. So when you turn it on, then you're going to be charged for another month. So anytime that you activate, it's going to be a monthly charge. And then you can cancel. We don't cancel it. You suspend right?
Investor question: Do you anticipate only offering annual plans at some point?
James: Not to consumers. To consumers we want to offer that flexibility. Where we see more predictable revenue coming in is as we open up enterprise channels. Those are the customers that absolutely need 12 months of data. And so what we want to do is essentially have predictability in our enterprise channels and have annual plans that fit their needs better. And then offer the monthly plans to consumers.
