Jen: Hello.
Jen: Jen Sexton.
Charles: How are you, nice to meet you.
Jen: Hi Phil. Nice to meet you.
Jen: All right. When I was five years old, I was in a car accident, sitting in the front seat of my dad's car wearing just the seatbelt when someone T-boned us right on my side of the car. Fortunately, I was uninjured, but I was one of the lucky ones. As many as 43% of children who die in car accidents were improperly restrained. And as many as 95% of child car seats are used incorrectly.
Jen: So live now on Amazon when you buy a car seat it asks if you would like to add the professional installation. We have hundreds of car seat installers already all over the country. uhh We did about half a million in sales last year, and we've already doubled that year to date versus last year. I've previously raised about two and a half million. And I'm seeking a million dollars now I would love to work with a number of you guys in this room, and I'm really excited to tell you more about the business.
Michael: Are you saying that people don't know how to put in their car seat at all?
Panel Investor: Are you saying that people don't know how to put in their car seat at all? Like this is a big problem?
Jen: Yeah. 95% are used incorrectly.
Michael: Do you have any demo to show us?
Panel Investor: Do you have any demo to show us? Or a picture. Show us your phone here.
Jen: Yeah, I was just gonna show you exactly how to book it on Amazon. So you just want to search, you can search any car seat
Panel Investor: $89 to install the car seat?
Jen: So the price varies by market. We're testing different price points right now. So we've raised the price in New York City.
Panel Investor: It seems like a lot of money to put a car seat in no?
Jen: Yeah. So umm most of the price point we're targeting is 50 to $60 range. Like I said, in New York City, everything is more expensive. So umm...
Jillian: What percentage of the people who buy car seats actually then opt in to this?
Jen: So this service just went live a few weeks ago. And unfortunately Amazon won't share that information with us about what the conversion rate is out of the total number of purchases. But the reality is if we get 1% of middle and high income millennial moms that are purchasing items, our addressable market, or like annual sales, will be $126 million.
Phil: What percent goes to Amazon?
Jen: Mhm. So the unit economics on a purchase, so $80 is the standard number I use $80, Amazon gets 20% of that, so we pay them $16. We pay the car seat installer $25. So that's $41 out of the 80 are paid out. And then we keep roughly 50% just to do the customer service etc
Panel Investor: And what other partners are you working with other than Amazon?
Jen: So I literally two days ago signed the Walmart contract, which is so exciting.
Jen: Thank you. Umm Walmart kept telling me over and over and over again, we just want to offer this service to our customers. We don't care if we make any money it.
Jen: But we know that customers want this.
Panel Investor: And Walmart's rolling it out to everyone?
Jen: Yep.
Panel Investor: It'll be available everywhere?
Jen: Also we control which zip codes it shows up in we have about 500 car seat installers over the country. But then we also just launched virtual car seat checks. So we're playing into the telehealth movement so if you're in the hospital parking lot, baby arrived early, we will walk you through how to install your car seat over a video chat
Michael: How do you ensure that it works?
Panel Investor: How do you ensure that it works? And what's the liability on you?
Jen: Yeah. I mean, I guess I believe that any issue is insurable. Our insurance is very hard to get. It's a huge barrier to entry to keep people from copying us. And it's very expensive. But I think that we have a great crisis PR plan in place should an accident happen. And I have been working in this business, in this space, for going on close to eight or nine years now, and knock on wood there has never been any sort of incident, other than parents who have been in a car accident literally after driving away from having their car seat installed and the kid was uninjured. So that was the best Yelp review we ever got.
Panel Investor: So is it just car seat installation services today?
Jen: So that's all that's live right now on Amazon. So that's really our use of funds for our upcoming raise, is we want to start adding these other baby service categories. If you think about lactation consultants, they're mostly a mom who breastfed, became passionate about it, got certified, but she's still primarily a mom. And she wants to make money doing what she's passionate about, but she doesn't know how to run a business. So if we can aggregate all of these highly fragmented providers from all over the country and all of these different baby service categories, and become the one stop shop where parents can find all these service providers, it's just a really, really exciting opportunity.
Panel Investor: Is a lactation consultant the second one you'll...
Jen: So the next categories we want to launch are baby proofing, lactation and sleep consultants.
Jen: Absolutely.
Jen: It's crazy. I know, I have a nine month old.
Michael: What did you do with two and a half million bucks?
Panel Investor: And Michael's one question to me was, do I have to feed him? Like, when do I have to feed it? And I'm thinking to myself, wow! Dude.
Jen: So the original business concept, the vision I was pursuing initially, was really to be the Geek Squad of the baby industry. So when you go into Best Buy and you buy a laptop, at the cash register they ask if you would like to buy the service package. Services have to be sold in that fashion along with the product. uhh so we actually have Geek Squad style service centers that are now open in ten cities inside Buy Buy Baby stores. So you can go in, here in Chelsea in New York City, you can get your car seat installed, you can get your stroller, your car seat cleaned, repaired. Any kind of maintenance services you need on your baby gear.
Michael: Is that part of your business today?
Panel Investor: You're in ten stores?
Jen: Yes it is. So unfortunately we've just had some challenges working with the retailer. Because basically, in November 2014, I really realized this vision to become the Geek Squad and got buy in from the president of Buy Buy Baby that they believed in this concept of having these service centers inside the stores. And they put us through three and a half years of pilots. Like death by a thousand pilots.
Jen: And in that period, so last March we finally got the service center in Chelsea open. And so right now in Chelsea when we got that service center open, it's a two story store, you're walking out of the store with your stroller or your car seat, they can't sell you the service. So you'd have to go back downstairs to the basement where the kiosk is and then swipe your credit card a second time to buy the Tot Squad service So it is, it's like, I can't even describe how frustrating it has been to not scale my business as quickly as I thought I would because we keep they keep overpromising and underdelivering on when they're going to get the services up.
Jen: Exactly.
Jen: Just kept getting strung along.
Panel Investor: And you're in ten Buy Buy Babies?
Jen: Yes. Ten cities.
Jen: You gotta be resilient.
Panel Investor: It's called the resilient pivot. So good on ya. So talk to us about your capital structure now. Like, what did you invest in, what are we investing in now?
Jen: So the valuation on the two and a half million that I previously raised was about eight and a half million. And I actually am moving into a series A this fall. I'm having some really positive conversations with VCs already, but I have a bridge note open right now. So uh.
Jen: So the bridge note has a 15 million cap.
Michael: What do you think you're doing between Walmart and Amazon in the car seats a month?
Panel Investor: Okay, Let's say we roll all the way forward to December this year, the final month. What do you think you're doing between Walmart and Amazon in the car seats a month?
Jen: So we're taking the approach of crawl, walk, run. So we don't want to just open the floodgates and get overwhelmed and then deliver a bad service which will lead to bad reviews, etc. We really take it seriously that we have high quality vetted service pros on our platform. Which means we video interview every single one of them. They go through a background check before they get live on Amazon, etc. So I think we'll do about a million this year. We did about half a million last year
Phil: How many orders are you getting per week?
Jen: So again, we are only live in a couple of markets where we've turned it on, because we control which zip codes it shows. But we're doing a couple thousand dollars a week right now
Sarah: What about companies like Care. What's your take on them?
Panel Investor: What about companies like Care.com? Or other service providers that do pieces of daycare, lactation consultants, whatever. What's your take on them?
Jen: There's a lot of folks that are targeting a single service category, like resale of baby gear. Or childcare. Or kids' activities But there's nobody who's taking all of these disaggregated fragmented service pros and then aggregating them to where you can find multiple categories in one place. So that's really what we're focused on, is being the one stop shop. So I haven't really talked about the real strategy here. we know so much about our customers. So we've serviced over 50,000 customers already. When we install a car seat, we not only know your general demographics and contact information, we know your due date, or your kid's age, height, weight, name, your vehicle make and model, your brand of your car seat and your stroller. And using all that data, we know when the child's born, you need the lactation consultant immediately. We know about four months later, you'll need the sleep consultant. We know that six months later, you need the baby proofer. So there's all the different service pros that you need throughout the journey. And right now we're targeting the zero to five age range, but I think there's no reason in the future we can't grow with our families. Kids, once they're in preschool, need occupational and speech therapy sometimes. There's all sorts of things. They need tutors, they need language learning. There's all these services. So that's kind of one of the goals with the big series A I’m planning to raise.
Jen: Thank you.
Jen: I'm excited.
Jen: But that 2.5 million that I raised was absolutely essential to get to where we are today. Because it took years to build the relationships with the retailers to get them to create a new category.
Michael: Which didn't.
Panel Investor: Which didn't...
Jen: But that's where the value is.
Jen: Well, like I said, I am getting a lot of interest from VCs for a Series A in which I expect to raise, I have a plan for a 3 - 5 million raise, and I have a plan for an 8 - 10 million raise, in which I'd actually like to acquire a mommy blog where I can get a built in audience.
Michael: How much of the million have you raised?
Jen: 200,000 from two emails to my existing investors.
Panel Investor: Right. So are you open to changing your structure on that deal?
Jen: I don't think so.
Jen: All right.
Jen: Thank you.
Jen: Right.
Jen: All right.
Jen: But Amazon only controls about 20% of the market right now. I think the fact that we're diversifying with relationships with the other retailers, . So we have some diversification away from Amazon. But I think in comparison to other markets Amazon is looking at, this one is relatively small. It's really large for us, but it's really small compared to the other things that Amazon is looking at, so it doesn't keep me up at night.
Jen: All right, I guess my question to you guys would be would this conversation have gone any differently if I'd come in here and said I'm raising a $3 - 5 million series A, are you interested in participating?
Jen: Thank you guys.
Jillian: Who bought into it?
Jillian: What?
