Jorge: Josh.
Jorge: How's everybody doing?
Investor question: How are you?
Jorge: Because you're not on the - at this end of the table.
Jorge: Hello, everyone. My name is Jorge and I am founder of BridgeFy. Now, just a quick show of hands; who of you here have experience using the internet? Alright, everybody? Cool. Me too. I'm pretty good at it. I feel like we've gotten used to doing absolutely everything using the internet, right? Making payments, staying in touch with loved ones, playing games, getting educated. But what happens when we lose access to the internet? Our phones basically become really, really expensive paperweights. Whenever there's a situation like a natural disaster, or a very large event, or if it's a developing region, an underprivileged school, these are all situations in which we find ourselves without access to the internet. And 45 percent of smartphone owners worldwide do not have access to a data plan. That's billions of people. And so we build technology that makes any mobile app work without the internet. It's basically AirDrop for mobile apps. Our technology makes devices connect directly to each other using Bluetooth and wifi direct antennas, which are found on every single smart device nowadays. You don't need to install anything. You don't need any extra hardware. You don't need to jail break anything. The way that we get it on to millions of devices is that we license it to companies, organizations, governments, and they simply take our code, put it into their apps code, push an update. We all update, let's say WhatsApp. And now we can all use WhatsApp without needing an internet connection at all. Basically, if you send the message from this device to this one, your message can hop, hop, hop, hop, hop, and just cover humongous distances and an unlimited amount of devices. Our record is 180,000 devices using our technology at the same place at the same time. Without a single one needing access to the Internet. Without a single one. No exception, no small print. And so this is really useful for companies because it drives engagement by opening up these black holes in the market, right? So we license it to these companies and we bring these markets to life. We launched last January and so far we've gotten to 300k in revenue. We have a contract with one of the 15 largest cities in the world for $6,000,000 for the next four years. We have a paid pilot with Ford, paid pilot with the United Nations, and 22 smaller startup customers that have signed up since mid-February. Basically you're looking at the entirety of the BridgeFy sales team right now, and the demand is pretty high. And so we are fundraising so that we can accelerate and scale our growth and meet this demand and probably get to $10 million in revenue by this time next year.
Jorge: We're raising three million dollars.
Investor question: What's your fundraising history to date?
Jorge: Between pre seed and seed we raised four million. It's like a seed extension or seed plus.
Investor question: What was your background? What, what brought you to this problem?
Jorge: I used to be a high school teacher in Mexico. I taught at a very underprivileged school in the mornings and then at a very privileged school in the afternoons. And I just could tell the difference that technology made because in the underprivileged school, you did not have any access to the Internet. They barely had two computers at the library, very old. So most of these students had to go to the library and get their information from books, which is oftentimes outdated. Whereas in the afternoon, the other school, everybody had a tablet or a phone and they could very easily look up anything that you asked them. The difference that this made, this very simple difference, just stuck with me. And two years later, I decided to build something that could work for all of those people that don't have access to a connection.
Investor question: So does one person have to have access to a connection or none?
Jorge: No, no, none. I can show you a demo now. Everybody grab one of these. I’m going to slide them.
Jorge: Here you go, .
Jorge: Don't touch anything. Don't break my demo.
Jorge: All these phones are on airplane mode on purpose. And the only thing that's turned on is Bluetooth. So now I'm going to send you an image through this iPad. Imagine that there's a hurricane. You're in Miami and you just received this information that you wouldn't have received otherwise from your local neighborhood or there was an earthquake, now you're getting all this information from the Red Cross -
Jorge: Now I'm going to send text. And if you're receiving texts, you can also receive a game move, a payment. These are all strings of text. You're not actually sending a huge file. However, we can send huge files as of like three days ago and don't get scared, but here we go.
Jorge: We can do voice notes. We can do images. We can do anything that's not livestream. We can do payments. We can do games. something that is turn based, for example, like poker, chess, Pokémon Go. So basically BridgeFy is Twilio or like a Stripe that any company, any organization or government can use us to their benefit.
Investor question: What are the transfer speeds?
Jorge: So the larger the file is going to take a couple of seconds.
Jorge: We are the only company in the world that has managed to make the signal protocol work offline. The signal protocol is the top encryption for mobile. It's allegedly quantum computer proof and we made it work offline. Everything is encrypted end to end.
Investor question: Can you talk more about how you work with all these different entities?
Jorge: Yeah. So for example, the pilot with the United Nations. We're going to start in Haiti, Afghanistan, and Palestine. And they're going to build an app with our technology that is going to let the staff work on the ground and be able to communicate. Right now, what they use is satellite internet, which is oftentimes not available, it's incredibly expensive. And radios, which are not scalable. You can't get it onto thousands of hands. So we're building this app for them. They're going to be able to do logistics, provide continued support to the people that they help. We're going to start with three countries, then we're moving on to five countries in two months. And by the end of the year, we're going to launch it globally.
Jorge: Yeah
Jorge: Yes, with way more features. It's going to let them do logistics, updating, syncing databases is really helpful for them, locating people. And communications.
Investor question: How about for cities?
Jorge: Yeah. We are in talks with the city of Bogota in Colombia. Because they have a lot of interest in becoming like a smart city. And so BridgeFy also works on IOT devices. And so you wouldn't need to have an Internet connection in order to access information about the city. if there's a natural disaster, you name it. And I think you meant the $6 million contract that I mentioned.
Jorge: So that's with the city of Istanbul in Turkey and they're going to build an earthquakes alerts app. This is a $1.5 million contract per year for the next four years. And it's basically going to allow the people, but also the rescue corps and the government, communicate after earthquakes, which are very frequent in Turkey, and be able to locate where people are, go help them, but also, be able to tag yourself as, I'm not safe, I need help. And these are all things that people have already done. We used to be B2C and then we pivoted. And so when we were B2C, we got 10 million downloads, and people used it in earthquakes, after hurricanes, and, I don't know if you remember, but they asked Elon Musk to open up Starlink in Ukraine and he refused. And just the first 48 hours that the Ukraine war was declared, we got 1.5 million downloads in Ukraine only. And so BridgeFy, it's basically just a decentralized, accessible technology to any app maker, any organization, and doesn't need to depend on the whims of a few.
Investor question: And are you agnostic to regions? Is there any place you wouldn't sell into? Are you just into free speech?
Jorge: I am into free speech. Absolutely. We are a tool that basically promotes free speech. It has been used in multiple protests, like in Hong Kong, in Myanmar, Black Lives Matter here in the United States, by millions of people. And so we do not take sides, but obviously we promote everybody getting along and free speech and whatnot. Are there any countries where I wouldn't sell? We can't sell, technically and legally, in OFAC countries, for example. uh So like Syria, we can't sell there, but nah, I don't, I don't think -
Jorge: All right.
Jorge: Thank you.
Jorge: I think so too.
Jorge: Thank you.
Jorge: We're not going to build it ourselves.
Jorge: We have a development partner that is going to build the apps for them.
Jorge: We're not in the business of building apps.
Jorge: Yes. So we're going to charge them every year for use of the SDK.
Jorge: 22.
Jorge: Yeah.
Investor question: You know, why - Why 22? Why not 222?
Jorge: They probably don't know it exists. That's the reality of it. We've never done any outbound sales or anything. And so why don't we have more? Because we haven't gotten out to do more. The app that we built is the number one driver for traffic for the company. We get around 40, 45,000 people visit our website every month. Granted, most of them are looking for the app, but a few of them trickle down and turn into B2B customers.
Investor question: What are some of the, out of the 22, what are examples - you don't have to name the apps if you don't want, but what are those apps doing?
Jorge: One of them is a payments app in Nigeria. And then the other one is like, it's like PayPal in Columbia.
Jorge: We also have a company, an events company in LA. They're allegedly going to get a partnership with Live Nation, so that could be big.
Jorge: Yeah.
Jorge: Then we have another company in Germany that wants to do payments. And so they're trying to make their app work on iPads and just be able to go and make payments inside uh music events.
Jorge: Sounds good. Thank you.
Jorge: Yeah, absolutely. Right now we're working on the app level and we license the technology to apps, individual apps. But our end game or our vision is to partner up with either Android or Apple so that you literally get an iPhone out of the box and instantaneously are able to use it without depending on anybody on anything. Instead of having to go to the Ubers and the Metas and the Tinders of the world, we simply are going to partner up with one of the large operating systems. And so any app that you already have, any app that you download, it's just, it just works.
Jorge: Where do I start? We should have focused on B2B earlier, but we - the technology wouldn't have allowed us to be successful. So, being able to package it and make it safe, make it battery efficient, make it able to work between Android and iOS, it wouldn't have been possible six years ago, seven years ago. And so we didn't know that. We didn't know that we were going to pivot. And so we were just focused on the app and people started downloading and downloading and downloading it so much. And we thought, Oh man, this is super cool. And then we added ads and everybody hated it. Of course.
Jorge: Really. Yes. I mean, the ads don't work if you're offline anyway.
Jorge: And so we just started talking, my cofounder and I, and just thought, Oh man, the opportunity is just so much bigger if we go B2B. Like instead of fighting WhatsApp over a user, we can just partner up with WhatsApp. It's humongous. It's just so much bigger, so much - I don't want to say easier, but to us selling BridgeFy B2B has been so pleasant. BridgeFy is pretty easy to sell.
Investor question: How much of the 3 million have you secured?
Jorge: We just started fundraising a couple of weeks ago. Only 150. From Biz Stone, one of the Twitter founders and one of our internal investors.
Investor question: Can you say what the terms were of the last round?
Jorge: Yes. 18. Yeah.
Jorge: And they were doing hardware.
Jorge: And they were doing hardware.
Investor question: Is it something different?
Jorge: Thank you.
Investor question: What are you thinking?
Jorge: Me neither.
