Luisa: My name's Luisa Castellanos and I'm from Chicago. I am an artist at heart, but artist turned tech founder I did not go to art school. I went to business school.
Luisa: So I'm a huge foodie I had worked in ice cream shops and worked with several other small businesses. And so we just had a passion for the people in the restaurants and the work that they're doing. and wanted to make their lives easier.
Luisa: Hi.
Luisa: Try not to mess this up. Okay. Hi everyone, I'm Luisa Castellanos, cofounder and COO of Science on Call. So we're using AI agents to help restaurant operators do their jobs and not get yelled at by customers. So whether it's 86ing items from a menu or pausing online ordering, the staff don't have to wait on hold anymore during the lunch rush. All they have to do is shoot us a text message. This all started back in 2014 when my cofounder Andy and I started a tech support company focused on brick and mortar retail and we started solving problems, and started to see that there was nobody really helping restaurants with this problem and their tech stacks are extremely complicated. It's a really difficult industry. The margins are pretty thin and turnover is really high. The average restaurant employee sticks around for about 59 days. So anything that we can do to help make their jobs easier increases employee satisfaction and also reduces turnover.
Investor question: And is this particularly focused on online ordering, or is it on premise?
Luisa: It's any platform. So we've started with some of the common problems, like 86ing items is like 10 percent of the requests we get. As well as, pausing online ordering and changing store hours. So think about, you know, the fires -
Investor question: Are you changing actual menu displays if it's digital?
Luisa: Yeah. So if it's integrated with a certain solution, depending on what their tech stack is.
Luisa: Yeah. Yeah.
Luisa: Yeah. So the biggest pain points are usually an online ordering platform because somebody is trying to order. And if you're listed as not online, for some restaurants, that's like 30 percent of their sales. And so, reverting something back in the morning, if it's their hottest item, nobody even knows it's there and they're losing thousands of dollars just from that. But you know, Toast, that's one example, but we're also automating an Olo, as well as DoorDash, Uber Eats, Grubhub, most of the common ones.
Luisa: Yeah.
Investor question: What is the relationship that you have with these platforms today?
Luisa: Yeah. So as far as we know, we're actually the only people automating processes in Toast right now. But we do have really good relationships with our technology vendors that we work with because they're not calling Toast anymore. They're calling us or texting us. Toast is not gonna solve this for you. They'll tell you how to solve it yourself. And then you go and it takes you an hour to do it.
Investor question: Is it, maybe you don't wanna say it on camera cause the execs from Toast hear, but do you want to, do you wanna replace Toast?
Luisa: We are starting to see a convergence of the technologies in the restaurant. You're starting to see even some of the mom and pops are implementing Toast, online ordering. And so they're looking for ways to automate a lot of the processes. So you already know about robotics in restaurants. We don't want to remove the need for people or the technology that they're using because we think, you know, they need it to operate. And so it's all about making their jobs easier in using those systems. Because like I said, they're usually in a restaurant for 59 days. They probably have not been trained on that system. By the time they learn how to use it, they're onto the next job. So. It's all about making their training process easier too.
Investor question: Can you talk a little bit about your customer base and are you selling into, you know, right now finding traction with mom and pops and independents or you small chains?
Luisa: So we actually started out working mostly with single unit operators, smaller mom and pop shops. But we found that they don't quite have the processes in place to implement something like this. So our focus right now is on operators with between 20 and 150 locations. But we are actually getting interest from larger operators, 500, 800, a thousand unit operators. They see an 86ing tool like this and they see thousands of hours of human effort being saved. It's definitely attractive to them even if it's just one simple automation.
Investor question: How is that customer discovery journey gone?
Luisa: Yeah, so you might think restaurant operators want more dashboards and analytics, but they do not. I tell you that every time we've tried to offer it, they're just like, tell us what we need to do. And it is still a very human centric, relationship oriented business. And so if we can give them a little bit of advice on something, that's a little harder for us to scale, but since we're working with hundreds of restaurants, we already know, what's the most common point of sale system, what tools integrate together. And so they are asking us questions like that. We have all the data on every platform.
Investor question: What does that look like?
Luisa: Yeah, sure. So we do market ourselves as a holistic platform, so we're covering every piece of technology in the restaurant, but we are also expanding to other areas such as operational, machinery or, hot water heaters in a restaurant, anything that basically has a user manual, we can ingest that information and provide it back to the employee. So we are actually starting to expand our product offering into more of a workforce management tool. So we actually just launched this like two days ago, with one of our customers, they gave us their entire knowledge base for their employees. And now they can text and ask, you know, what's the dress code, what's my sick time policy?
Luisa: Any question that you'd find in a manual. And Toast or Square, you know, they don't have access to their deep fryer user manual or their - they often don't have direct access to their internet dashboard and things like that.
Investor question: How are you thinking about it? Is it sort of a, do your customers, I guess, think about it as like a percentage of spend, right?
Luisa: So the budget is usually coming from their staffing, their IT staffing. So a lot of these larger operators, once you get to five is usually when you start to bring someone in house, but that one person cannot be everywhere. They don't know everything. They take sick time. And so the traditional path they would take is to just add another person, add another person, every time they add, you know, 10, 15 locations. Some of our customers with 50 unit chains, they used to have three people in house, and we were able to reduce them down to one person because we're much more cost effective than bringing additional -
Investor question: And in that type of instance, what do they pay you?
Luisa: Our pricing model is based on tiers or modules. So we have our tech tier, which includes troubleshooting, like more on demand support type of model. Our operations tier is purely like tasks, like what I showed you today. And then our workforce model that we just rolled out is knowledge retrieval from their manuals. So if they're going all in, it's going to be about 379 a month per location.
Luisa: Yeah. So part of being a holistic platform is that restaurants don't want to go somewhere else for that support. And so we're seeing that as almost like a, a separate piece of our business that is increasing our customer stickiness But I think right now about 80 percent of our revenue is something that can either be automated or conversational troubleshooting.
Investor question: Where are your sales coming from? Like how do customers discover you? And is there any kind of word of mouth or eating out at other restaurants?
Luisa: So anyone who's sold into a restaurant knows going door to door does not work. They're like, they're going to pawn you off or, you know, say, I'll take your number, but it's very much a relationship business. And so we've had a lot of success with trade shows, industry events, getting on podcasts, industry magazines. It's just about who you know. Andy, my CEO, cofounder, he is head of sales at this point, and he works with one account executive, Maya, they go to trade shows, look them up on LinkedIn, they're just a crazy duo and everybody wants to be their friend. So um, we're getting a lot of referrals as well from our existing customers who are telling, you know, the former CEO of Jimmy John's, like, you gotta use them, and it's kind of blown up from there.
Investor question: Does that same go to market strategy and motion hold as you think about international?
Luisa: Yeah. So that's something we're exploring right now. I spent some time in Mexico. My family's actually from there, and starting to talk with some of the smaller chains in Mexico City or Guadalajara. It's still a very much relationship business. But we do actually have team members on our support team who are transitioning into customer success roles. So it'll come into play once we start to expand, to Latin America.
Investor question: Why is no one else doing this?
Luisa: Because restaurants are really hard.
Luisa: Yep.
Luisa: Yeah. It is.
Investor question: What's the churn for you?
Luisa: So, last year we did churn out a few of our independent operators and so if you talk about logo churn, it was like 12%, but a logo is a single location. So our MRR churn was like three percent.
Investor question: And what was the reason for the churn?
Luisa: It's usually because, you know, single unit operators, we either fired them because it wasn't a good fit or they're kind of cutting costs, or we had one or two brands that got bought by another brand. So usually it's not a matter of, they don't like us. It's just that a cost savings or, they needed onsite support only.
Investor question: Why are you raising this round right now?
Luisa: So we want to continue to accelerate our automations on the product side. So, in the last week we rolled out fully end to end conversational troubleshooting. So there is no human in the loop to respond to a text. So our existing support team is transitioning into product engineering roles. They're the ones writing the documentation that feeds the AI. So you can't have AI without continuing to update that information, We're keeping that team pretty consistent, but we are going to bring on a UX/UI designer, a product manager, and possibly like an AI consultant
Investor question: And how much had you raised previously?
Luisa: We've raised 4.5 million.
Luisa: Across three rounds.
Investor question: What does success look like here?
Luisa: Yeah. I think in the next five years, we want to be at 125 million in ARR, and that'll include going abroad to other countries, Europe and Latin America, as well as convenience stores and retail. And we want to be able to automate 80 percent of what they do in a restaurant.
Investor question: What do we have to believe for that 125 million? What does that roughly break down in number of store fronts?
Luisa: It's about 25,000.
Luisa: There are 175,000 QSRs with 20 to 100 locations. And so we've got a lot of market share left to get in restaurants first.
Investor question: If you didn't hit that goal, what would have gone wrong?
Luisa: That's a good question. I would say growing our sales team. We have Andy and then one account executive. We want to find other people who are kind of heavy hitters in the restaurant space. If we make some wrong moves on that front, that could slow us down a little bit. But we're pretty confident on the potential hires for account executives.
Luisa: Oh yeah.
