Julian: I am a curiosity driven individual that is learning obsessed I'm a growth monster
Julian: you know, I can go get a good job and live a simple happy life, but I think I would regret knowing that I was capable of so much more a life of comfort is not a meaningful life. I think a meaningful life is largely defined by doing hard things that are largely impactful. I was born to be a founder.
Julian: What's going on everybody?
Julian: Hey, I'm Julian.
Investor question: How are you?
Julian: Nice to meet you guys. Julian. Alright. What's up. Good morning.
Julian: So, I'm Julian, the CEO and cofounder of Jungle, where we're transforming students into super learners. So one in five people in the world are students. But unfortunately for most students, studying sucks. Why does it suck? It's boring. And because it's boring for most students, they tend to lack the motivation to consistently show up. That's why many of them procrastinate and cram. In school, we're told what to learn, but we're rarely ever taught how to learn. Which left myself and many students of today to rely on ineffective study habits. At Jungle, we're solving this by making effective studying really easy and really fun. You can sort of think about it as a Quizlet meets Duolingo with AI.
Investor question: Can you talk a little bit about your background?
Julian: Of course. So I'm originally from Columbia, grew up in Texas, in a small border town city. I grew up being very, very ambitious myself, but that ambition was initially very self centered on myself. I just wanted to be very wealthy. Led me to want to learn how to code initially, led me to start an ecommerce business. But for the most part, I felt very misaligned. I overdosed on video games. I never read unless I had to for school. I wasn't curious at all. I felt so frustrated with myself because I had the feeling that I was capable of more, but it wasn't until college that I finally had a breakthrough. I started to get into the sort of personal development world of - basically, how do I become a better me? And I started to study the most successful people, listen to podcasts, started reading, adopting their habits, until I went to one of these like personal development seminars and experienced like a million breakthroughs. After that, everything changed. Stopped playing video games, started reading, writing, meditating, cold showers, super healthy. Everything.
Julian: Exactly, yes. You caught on to it. The crazy thing to me was that I changed so much and I was like, wait a second, like, where did all this potential come from? And so that curiosity sparked an obsession of how can I empower not only myself, but others to discover and manifest the unbounded potentials we have within ourselves.
Julian: Correct.
Julian: Yeah.
Julian: It's a good pushback. And for me, it's like, I, I say this story more so of the background of like why I'm obsessed about this space in general.
Julian: Learning, education, personal development space. I just see learning as a superpower in general. I do think in how it happens in education traditionally, there's a lot wrong with it. But It's not just about being a good learner and doing well in school. It's about like how do I build the good habits that I need to be a good human and show up consistently. And that's more of the behavioral science part apart from the learning science part.
Investor question: Is it a little bit more like, I'm on the train and I'm looking to study - kind of like a replacement maybe for Anki cards or something like that?
Julian: Yeah, so, and by the way, like, many people that love us, used to use Anki or Quizlet a lot.
Julian: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. In many ways.
Investor question: And how big are those businesses for context?
Julian: Yeah. Quizlet is like, over a billion dollars. And they did it almost entirely on just flashcards. Which is pretty crazy. There's like over one and a half billion students in the world.
Julian: Yes, one in five.
Julian: A lot of, a lot of grinding. Uh, no. So our two core distribution channels are content. So TikTok, Instagram content. We initially did like influencers. But now we've been creating, having our own creator program where we pay people to create their own accounts. They create like 12 videos a week. In three months we've gotten 76 million views from that program alone. So, doubling down there. And the other is Google Ads. In the last three months we've spent $105,000 to make $108,000. So, 102% ROAS on Google Ads. But maybe most importantly is the product led growth initiatives. We had 144,000 people sign up in December, and 40 percent of those people came through word of mouth. So I think both are important, not only to where we've gotten, but where we'll go in terms of continuing to scale this to the next level.
Investor question: Can you talk a little bit about what's under the hood? What, what's unique about what you built?
Julian: Yeah, 100%. So there isn't like crazy moats in gen AI. We have prompts for the most part and some fine tuned models. Of course anyone can copy a prompt, but we've already iterated our prompt over a hundred times in the span of less than two years. In many ways, the sort of moat defensibility question, I think mainly comes down to like who the team is and how fast you move and how much you experiment. And we, for example, run like 50 to 100 experiments a month. We run experiment hour every Monday. My co founder, he recently got us like Christmas gifts. And I'll actually show you this. He got us this little hat called experiment mode. And so every Monday when we do our experiment hour to like see how experiments went and go hard, we wear this little hat to manifest this mindset of like - I think the best founders are the best experimenters.
Julian: Thinking like scientists is what really matters.
Investor question: How are people paying you? Are they paying you per test, per textbook that they upload? Are they paying you monthly recurring? Like what's the business model there?
Julian: For sure. It's freemium. We have a free version and then two paid plans. The middle tiered plan is $8 a month, the highest tiered plan is $20 a month. Free version just gives you, like, basic free limits. You can generate 15 times a month. The middle tiered plan just gives you unlimited generations, and the highest tiered plan gives you unlimited feedback. We find that around 30 to 40 percent of people get the highest tiered plan, and 40 percent of people get an annual plan, which gives us a lot more revenue up front. Like we've been making over 100 grand every month for the last three months.
Investor question: When did you launch the company again?
Julian: Uh, a little less than two years ago.
Investor question: can you share about your cofounder and the rest of the team, their background?
Julian: Yes. So, I'm the CEO, but mainly operate as the CTO right now. My cofounder, he's the CPO, and he basically leads design, product, and a lot of the marketing initiatives. But he's super cracked. He designed the whole platform himself, which I hope to show you the product sometime soon. It's beautiful. He previously founded his own learning based company and he was at Masterclass as well. We have two other engineers. And then we have other supporting roles like Google Ads person, illustrator, and other things like that.
Investor question: How do you know your cofounder?
Julian: We met because when we first moved to the Bay three and a half years ago, we lived together. And it only took like six months of living together till we both left our previous startups to co-found this one. And from there, it only took three months to go all in.
Investor question: What does success look like to you?
Julian: I would frame it in like the two angles that really matter for our product, which is can we create the best effective learning method possible? Like be able to go from like not understanding something to understanding something as quickly as possible? But the other angle is like, how do we make it super fun? And I think like, if we can get people to come back consistently and build habits around learning and studying every day, that's really what matters, so. Of course, like, revenue is always like a core thing we look at. The other core metric we look at is the average number of questions answered per user, per week. This number is currently at 60, by the way. The last metric we look at that really matters to our success is the number of power users we have every month, which we define as someone that answers 100 questions or more. Currently, in December, that number was 21,000. The month before, it was at 11,000, and it's consistently been going up.
Investor question: Can you talk a little bit about your paid retention?
Julian: Yes, for sure. So, the churn on our paid subscription is 12 percent during a semester, and then around 19 percent during seasonality moments like summer.
Investor question: It's not like, does Johnny want to read faster, right?
Julian: Yes, so, I'll comment on one thing and then I'll answer the question. Part of the reason I think it's so great for us to be like building this for students is because they have the clearest need around learning and they have the most measurable way to see how the learning is going. I think we can potentially bring this product to people beyond students. And that's something for us to explore, but it's a harder space in general because the need is not as clear and it's not as measurable. So that's something that makes students really unique and powerful as a starting point. Now, for med students in specific, we actually, like, we're kind of niched down for, like, about a year on med students, and one thing that's really important for them is clinical case questions, right? Like, John's 45, he has these sort of medical issues, like, how would you diagnose his disease? And so, we did this for medical students, specifically for them. And what was interesting is that we noticed this ended up being super valuable for everyone else. Like law students, for example. Dental students, same thing. And it's also the higher levels of learning that end up leading to a more effective experience overall.
Julian: I feel it.
Investor question: How much have you raised? What was the previous price?
Julian: We raised a pre seed, uh, like 600k and it was at an 8 million post.
Investor question: What are you looking for here in terms of valuation?
Julian: We're just kicking off the seed round right here, right now. So, kind of just open to offers, whatever, whatever you think it's worth, make an offer and we can discuss.
Julian: We're just kicking off the seed round right here, right now. So, kind of just open to offers, whatever, whatever you think it's worth, make an offer and we can discuss.
Julian: Right.
Julian: Okay. Love it. Appreciate the interest. Yeah. Excited to chat more and show you the beauty of the product.
Julian: Yeah, yeah.
Julian: In education, it's hard to make money, but where the most money usually goes is to test prep.
Julian: So it's something we haven't gone to yet that I think we could potentially do really well in.
Investor question: And so when you look at that landscape of all the dead bodies in edtech and then the one or two winners, what are maybe one or two of the like big takeaways you have that you're applying here or you'd like to apply here?
Julian: Yeah, hundred percent. Yeah, great question. Firstly with Duolingo, the greatest lesson there is that this can be done. Duolingo is a $15 billion dollar company and growing and they did it almost entirely on language learning.
Julian: So, that's really impressive, and we take so much inspiration from Duolingo. Read, like, everything that they put out, basically. We just launched streaks, for example, like a week ago. It's already had a 20 percent boost.
Julian: It's just simple, silly stuff that can often make a big difference. But basically Duolingo has a huge playbook that we're learning a lot from. It's like, hey, success leaves clues, just like, do a lot of what they do, but don't just copy blatantly, like, it has to be meaningful. Like, I - we think gamification -
Julian: Yeah.
Julian: I appreciate it. Yeah.
Investor question: Duolingo's audience, arguably, they're not like all student students, right?
Julian: Yes.
Investor question: Why do I continue using this?
Julian: So there's two ways to do this. Either you go earlier or you go later. If you go earlier, it's kind of like, can we build a better product for say, high school students or middle school students, or maybe even elementary kids. Cause if you get them earlier on in the life cycle, well, yes, students eventually graduate, but you know, they're there for like 10, 15, 20 years. And then we could also go later. And it's kind of what I alluded to, like, how much of what we're building, what potential does it have to go beyond students? If we can build the best way to process information and solidify it into knowledge that's not just valuable for students, it can be valuable for anyone.
Investor question: Down the road, like, where do you think this could go?
Julian: Yeah, for sure. So, the idea of like, an AI tutor or AI coach, right? AI tutor, we've heard it, like, okay, someone that's infinitely knowledgeable can help you. One, what if we added a personality, made it really fun, but two, what if we made it more of like someone that proactively reaches out to you and is also a coach and is checking in on you and has context on when your exams are, when things are happening and can reach out and be like, hey, I saw you had an exam yesterday. Like how'd it go? What got in the way? How are you feeling about it? Or you have an exam Friday? How are you feeling about it? Now you're not just helping people learn, you're helping them introspect on like their goals and how they're doing and building these habits into them.
Investor question: What are the goals over the next, you know, kind of year or two for you on the metric side? What does $2 million, where does it take you?
Julian: Yeah, yeah. In the next year, we want to get to 8 million ARR. Pretty ambitious, 10xing, basically. In order to get there it really comes down to, on the distribution side, taking our creator program from like, 30 to 250 people creating 3,000 pieces of content a week. I think it consists of, Google Ads, scaling that from like 30k in spend a month with the ROAS to like 100 to 150k. And on the product side, I think it'll really come down to the fun and the effective side of things. And the brand narrative, right? Because we think that, like, power of brand and the brand narrative and the illustrations, animations, characters, like, it really makes a big difference.
Julian: They love it. It's crazy.
