Lucas: Hey everyone.
Lucas: How are you doing?
Lucas: Nice to meet you.
Lucas: Nice to see you. Lucas.
Lucas: Here we go. Hey everyone. I'm Lucas from PeachWeb and I come from a family of fashion designers. And in the 80s, my Dutch granddad, he opened his first shoe store in Amsterdam. It was a small store, but there was something really particular about it. When you, walked in, there was a baby lion and you could play with it. You could imagine everyone's reaction when they go into a shoe store and see a lion for the first time. And he became talk of the town in Amsterdam, and he sold a lot of shoes. And this was really inspiring from a design and marketing perspective. I applied this to web design. I saw every website as a storefront, as a chance to really stand out to captivate people and immerse people into what you're doing.
Lucas: So you log on. And you select the type of website you want to create. You tell us a bit about the company, but this is where it gets interesting. This is WebGL. You can select your visual identity from abstract
Lucas: To tech, to Web3 elegant, which is glass, which is the Apple vibe at the moment, natural with immersive backdrops. And these are just stunning interactive websites. And our AI can create variations. So you can find your visual identity, you can find your online presence, you can find that store front that you want.
Investor question: To what extent can you customize that?
Lucas: That's after the website gets generated. You can go onto the builder.
Lucas: And then here you're selecting, so the UI style, and it generates a website in a minute, but these websites normally go for around $30,000. Now you can get it for $29 a month, and it's three times more engaging and it's just the next generation of websites.
Lucas: Thank you.
Investor question: How do you keep it fresh?
Lucas: Yeah.
Lucas: So because we pioneered sort of WebGL and we've done so many websites, we ultimately create the templates in the library. And then what AI is doing, is essentially customizing it. So you can create lots of variations.
Lucas: Infinite variations, but it follows certain parameters and certain design principles, which is important for these types of websites.
Investor question: Are most, are these people who would otherwise have gone to WebFlow?
Lucas: It's a similar profile. Yeah.
Lucas: It's a very similar profile.
Investor question: Huge expense, right?
Lucas: Mm-hmm.
Investor question: How do you work with Shopify?
Lucas: Yeah, sure. So we did a beta launch in October. It was a WebGL website builder, standard, no code. And worked with web designers, uh, agencies, tech did really well. E-commerce did well. creative websites, agencies. anybody that wants like a really cool website and really cares about design will be naturally attracted to this.
Lucas: That's okay. Thank you.
Investor question: What are the limitations of the product today, like what can't you do with this today that you'd like to enable?
Lucas: I think we have the opposite problem. the idea is that you can create a lot.
Lucas: WebGL sort of opens, gives you a whole new canvas to play with. Our challenge was build time. They used to take three to six months to build. and now we want to reduce that to a minute.
Lucas: Yeah.
Lucas: Yeah.
Lucas: Yeah, we're gonna focus more on marketing.
Lucas: Uh, websites, landing pages, everyday websites.
Lucas: What's next is WebGL is sort of XR ready, so we are ready to take that leap when it gets there. But yeah, we are kind of focusing on our bread and butter for now.
Lucas: Yeah. So we have 10,000 users.
Lucas: We have 2000 websites built.
Lucas: And 300 custom domains.
Lucas: It takes around two weeks to learn, and make a good website, which is too long.
Lucas: Sure. So we're raising a 500 K round, more of a bridge round for this launch. We want to triple our metrics in the first three months and we're gonna spend 280,000 on paid ads and 220,000 on the library for it. We're self-sustainable at the moment, and this is purely gonna go into that launch. The reason I call it Lovable for websites 3.0 is not the UX it’s the fact that these are the most loved websites and what's really powerful about Lovable, they have this thing with apps where people share the app that they make. They're like, look at this new concept I made. I made this happen in a minute. Look how incredible all of this is, and that is why Lovable is Lovable today, because they have viral apps. What we've proven with our websites that these are viral websites. 80% of our customers are from organic marketing. We've won Best No Code website for the last four or five months beating, uh, Webflow and, and Wix. We've had 25 design features and twice website of the day. So our websites have that viral effect. And I think that is our competitive advantage, is that people love these websites.
Investor question: How much have you raised previously?
Lucas: I raised 1.2 million previously from four VCs at, 7.5 million valuation
Lucas: Yeah, so in 2023 we transitioned from agency to builder.
Lucas: We probably bootstrapped the first sort of six months to nine months.
Lucas: Then we were able to raise our first checks. We probably got drip fed for a year, we were able to do a good launch. And then since then we've, been self-sustainable and I've been waiting for this release to get back into the market.
Lucas: So I'm the co-founder from London and the founder is from Slovenia. We met 10 years ago and we had the same team, same 10 people, designers, and developers. We self-taught ourselves WebGL in 2021. Together we're one of the most experienced teams when it comes to WebGL. We're the pioneers. We've worked with the biggest brands. I generally believe we're the only team to sort of elevate this category.
Lucas: mm-hmm.
Investor question: Where do you see this in five years?
Lucas: mm-hmm.
Investor question: Where do you see this in five years?
Lucas: I want this to be, like, the Unreal Engine for web. and I want it to be a fully AI driven experience. So you create it in a minute, and then when you go onto the builder, you're gonna have a design agency that's gonna suggest different variations. So would you like this model to rotate, to hover. And I want to make that creative process super easy for people. That's the only challenge with this, is how do we make it easy for people to make? And that is our main purpose of the roadmap. Our competitors are kind of stuck with HTML and we are the first ones to build a WebGL engine, and the possibilities are absolutely endless and I think with people's attention spans getting worse every day. I think this is the only way forward for the web to keep people's attention and to stay relevant.
Investor question: How do you think about personalization in terms of a customer journey?
Lucas: Yeah. I think for e-commerce. Like LVMH and Chanel. they all create WebGL websites as landing pages. And these websites are used more for campaigns. So like, for like visual storytelling. and that's how, where we started. So I think for e-commerce. I see it as, it's still gonna be creative agencies driving that. And we're sort of giving the tool set to allow to them to create what they want.
Lucas: Yeah.
Lucas: Mm-hmm.
Investor question: Do you go up market with it?
Lucas: Yeah.
Lucas: Yeah.
Lucas: Yeah.
Lucas: Yeah, we did explore going down that direction. Similar to to WebFlow, it will be a low code solution where the creative developers can go into the builder and create whatever they want. To reach the bigger tickets, we're gonna have to really iron out sort of that low code solution.
Lucas: But it is a difficult market to get.
Lucas: It's like, yeah, it's, I want to focus on people.
Investor question: What is it that allows one of these to really win and stand out?
Lucas: Yeah, I think the benchmark is easy to make. That's what Wix was.
Lucas: That's what Framer is. Framer is one of, probably one of my favorite ones in the HTML to come out recently. They've done super easy to make, and it looks nice. I really like WebFlow as well, by the way, I think, I think they were the first ones to really push out the design boat.
Lucas: When you go on all the design media, you see Peach Web, you don't see, nobody, no one shares Wix. So, and this is all the attention, eyeballs, social media, content. We are the best at it. For example, there's another company called Spline and they do 3D modeling,
Lucas: It's a shame. Another life. Um, but they
Lucas: Yeah.
Lucas: Yeah.
Lucas: Yeah.
Lucas: I’ll eat this pretty, pretty glass. So I appreciate you saying that and it's, you know, that has been
Lucas: Yeah. That has been part of the journey and we're self-sustainable. We use the website builder to make websites for other people because for the first time, you can get a website like this for an affordable price. We do charge like $15,000, $20,000 for a landing page. so our sort of design arm is funding the development and it allows them to keep building. And I will, I will do so until, you know, I could, I could launch this AI by myself. And I will
Lucas: Yeah.
Lucas: Thank you.
Investor question: What keeps you up at night?
Lucas: Keeps me up at night. I think, that's a good question. I think losing this company, I think I love…
Investor question: What do you mean by that?
Lucas: I love what I do, and I, you know, to make sure that my developers stay, that we, that we can keep building, keep creating, and I can stay on this journey. Even if it's not a straightforward journey. I'm, accept that, but I don't want to lose this. I think this is the most beautiful, like, creative thing for websites, the bar is so low that when people get this, they're like, wow. Like really? And that's like an amazing sort of feeling. and I don't want to lose that. I know that sounds a bit cringe, but like, I don't want to lose this company.
Lucas: Appreciate that.
