Meghan: Hi everyone.
Meghan: Great to meet you all. I'm Megan Scanlon. Nice to meet you
Meghan: Hi. Nice to see you.
Meghan: Meghan.
Meghan: Yeah. Well again, my name is Meghan Scanlon. I am the co-founder and CEO of Aleoop. And I've been in sales my entire career. and so I wanted to start our conversation by regaling you all with one of the most heartbreaking sales losses of my professional life. And it's ultimately the reason why I'm in front of you all today. It's two years ago. I'm an enterprise sales rep at a large payments company selling to big corporations and sales cycles are brutal. But life was good in this moment because I was closing in on my biggest deal yet. So I was working with a large streaming company and after 18 months of selling, momentum was perfect. So the CTO was aligned on our proposal. We had head of growth, back channeling to the C-suite. Contracts were in motion. So I was super excited and on a routine scoping call. We're presenting some of our reporting capabilities to the CTO and, you know, he stops us and he's like, oh, that's, that's not gonna work for us. I didn't realize you all did it this way. A couple minutes later we're going through some more functionality and, oh, I didn't realize you all couldn't offer this. Our current provider has this today. And so this theme went on and on for the next hour. By the end of the call, I'd uncovered six really fundamental product gaps preventing me from closing this opportunity. And I sound the alarm internally. So this is like Jira tickets. A bunch of Slack messages, escalation meetings. But something didn't make sense. We had a ton of perspective on how to win in the streaming sector. We had tent pole customers already using our offering, and so I started talking to sellers and account managers and what I learned, the gap that I uncovered has been a problem for many years. Across many deals. And the kicker, folks like product and engineering and leadership had no idea this was costing us billions in revenue. They didn't have the same information the sales team did.
Meghan: Okay, awesome. yeah, so this is, uh, our platform. And so the homepage is our signal queue. So we are running unstructured sales feedback from places like Gong, Slack, JIRA, Salesforce notes, email, through our proprietary machine learning models. So we're taking like a ton of data that's really messy. We're running it through something that's really purpose built to be able to spot and flag signals.
Meghan: Yeah, so I, right now we're starting the labeling process, so our machine learning models spit out these insights. And then we actually run it through an LLM to say, okay, what is this? What I've been hearing, like 10 out of 10 times over, is we don't necessarily wanna know the feature that needs to be built, oh, hey, we need multilingual capabilities, or we need this ERP implementation, but we wanna know more of like the root cause
Meghan: Analysis, like, what's the customer actually saying they need? And so that's something that we're looking to incorporate, but we get it started and then we give them the opportunity to edit and relabel.
Investor question: Where does this data, all of this that you're showing the dashboards or, where does it live after someone's used Aleoop?
Meghan: Yeah, so how I'm seeing this is like almost like a middleware, like a connective tissue where we read information in and then we push it out to the sources that, especially enterprise customers, like they're already deeply embedded in some of these like larger software solutions. So being able to write that back and kind of embed that into what they're already using, I think is really important. Today though, like right now, they would log into Aleoop.
Meghan: Um, and just to talk a little bit about our customers. Right now we're really focused on the series B, series C, which I know that's like a, a broad swath, B2B tech companies, a hundred plus employees, at least 10 million in revenue. And they found product market fit. But we know, we wanna sell this to publicly traded companies someday. I wanna sell this to my alma mater Stripe. we're gonna have to get this back into systems.
Meghan: Yeah.
Meghan: Yes.
Investor question: Do I have this right in terms of how you understand it?
Meghan: A hundred percent. And, and I'll just add, it's objective business cases. So now when you're in that, you know, that squabble with your CTO, you can look at the dollars, you can look at the revenue at risk, and there's also like a wrapper in terms of how we're thinking about these business cases, which is, you know, hey, if the company's really ambitious about net new logo acquisition versus, you know, maybe mitigating churn with existing customers. Like how do we layer on some of those strategic priorities and OKRs at a user specific level. So it's not just like the raw dollars and cents in the pipeline.
Meghan: But it's a little bit more like North Star.
Investor question: Like, it's science and art, right?
Meghan: Mm-hmm.
Meghan: Definitely.
Meghan: Yeah. And this is meant to be the co-pilot. We're not getting rid of the product team today, but we're giving them the backbone to understand like, how do we derisk this roadmap? Like, Hey, we've got some big bets. Like is, this is almost like an insurance view. So we've run a number of proofs of concept and so sitting down with a head of product and actually going through some of these signals and it's like, a lot of smiles and a lot of like, huh, I didn't realize that was still an issue. Or like, oh yeah, that integration's been missing for quite some time. Like, we're tracking it, but not in a way that we probably should be. But what I've been hearing a lot of excitement around is the attribution against, hey, product and engineering is working really hard releasing a number of new capabilities over a given quarter. How are those showing back up in sales conversations? So you can tie business impact back to engineering.
Meghan: Yeah. Yeah. So, to date we've worked with five customers, all in that like series B, complex sales cycle. So just to share a couple sectors, right now we're like, pretty industry agnostic. I, I have a bent toward FinTech, but we'll see what happens. So We've worked with a crypto analytics company. We've worked with two HR tech companies and most recently we've run a pilot with, uh, legal software. five customers to date. we have three that are in the onboarding phase. all of them are unpaid today. and so how I'm thinking about the sales process, and I'm, I'm leading the sales conversations, is providing a free POC to be able to demonstrate value early, providing a static report and really showing how this technology works, getting that validation that product leaders would find this to be valuable, and then transitioning to paid, and I should say, our machine learning models went live in July, so we didn't have, you know, fully functioning technology that could actually do this until maybe six weeks ago.
Investor question: Have you suggested paid contracts to anybody?
Meghan: Absolutely. Every time
Meghan: Yeah.
Investor question: Like How big is the bread box?
Investor question: What's the ACV?
Meghan: Yeah, ACV, $15,000 today. $50 per user per month. We're looking at a minimum of 25 users per cohort. and I expect that to double and triple and quadruple as we look to move up market. When we get to an organization that, let's say there's, you know, at Stripe there are 400 sales reps that I sat alongside. So like that's where the prize is.
Investor question: What has the reaction been to the 15?
Meghan: Good. Actually, very good. I think as soon as you are able to correlate, hey, like we can directly tie back to revenue gains. Like we can show you how you're winning more deals faster and how you are building valuable products as a result of this tool. It's a really fun conversation to have.
Meghan: So I'm open to feedback on that.
Meghan: Right now both.
Meghan: So anyone who's accessing the reporting and like, actioning that information, definitely will be charging them. And I also think that anyone that we're ingesting records from will also have a seat license. But I think that part of the secret sauce in terms of our distribution is that salespeople don't have to be in this tool at all.
Meghan: And I actually like, product folks, like, love that. As a former sales person, it hurts my feelings sometimes, but they're like, this is great because it's undoctored and then we can kind of make the analysis, we see the source of truth
Meghan: Um..
Investor question: And so is the product team the driver of decision making on this or the sales team?
Meghan: So I'm seeing it very cross-functional, but product is at the helm.
Meghan: So product has to be championing this. They have to be pumped about it.
Meghan: I like that you say recovering. So in terms of competitive landscape, I'd categorize it in two buckets. One are the massive players like Product Board, Aha!, with the exclamation point, even like Salesforce, you know, Gong. Of all the big billion dollar businesses, we're watching Gong in the closest and right now, they have won in the sales coaching space, and I think it would take a lot to then kind of pivot to a whole different offering, which is now extracting product insights for product teams. So I think we're okay there. There's a bunch of startups that are doing this. So I would say I'm watching like the early entrants.
Meghan: I have friends sending me links weekly, but we're all at the same, same page right now.
Meghan: Yeah
Investor question: Your intuition as a salesperson, what is the account plan?
Meghan: Yeah.
Meghan: Yeah.
Investor question: What work has to be done for you to get that?
Meghan: Yeah, definitely
Meghan: I would say when the head of product and I are reviewing the signals and they're like, this is all very valuable. Like, we would like to track these things. I feel like that's enough of the quality check that we need to then talk about what an always on solution looks like and converting to paid. but were you looking for something more, more specific than that?
Meghan: Yeah. Yeah.
Meghan: Oh, absolutely. Yeah.
Meghan: Yeah.
Meghan: Free is scary. Yeah. I don't wanna be in this free period.
Meghan: Yes.
Investor question: What’s preventing you from getting signed contracts today?
Investor question: What’s preventing you from getting signed contracts today?
Meghan: I think it's just showing how the product works. I think there's a little bit of skepticism, like, okay, hey, we've run some stuff through chatGPT, and it's kind of nonsense, or it's too generic, or we've tried the Gong keyword extraction, and that's like not actionable. So let us see if we can actually use this as our future discovery pipeline. So that's the purpose of the POC. I would say, and does that answer your question,
Meghan: Yes, pre ML models though.
Meghan: No, not, not yet. No.
Investor question: Is that what I'm hearing?
Meghan: That's right. Yeah, that's absolutely right.
Meghan: And I, I have, just so you know, 'cause this is like, you know, I'm the sales person, so like if I'm not doing this right, then we've got serious problems. On every call, okay, we're doing this free period for four weeks, if you like what you see, if you find this valuable, here's the per seat cost. So everyone's aware that there's this transition period. we're just right at the cusp of like getting those folks signed.
Meghan: So far so good with the POCs, ton of value so far. Like we're having weekly calls to continue to layer on more data.
Meghan: Um. We're, like, so we're, we're kicking off that process.
Meghan: Yeah. We're right there. We're right there. I, I get exactly what you're scratching at. Um, there's no delays. It's just like we're at that point in the sales process
Meghan: Yes.
Meghan: I'm like, I wish I was pitching in September.
Meghan: That's right. Yeah. Exactly. Exactly.
Meghan: No, two of the five. So that's who we're still actively working with and we've disqualified three. And then three more that are coming
Meghan: They all are. Yeah. I've started to get a lot more rigid about those types of customers.
Investor question: Do you use Aleoop on Aleoop?
Meghan: Absolutely. Yes.
Investor question: Can you tell me what is at the top of the board on your own Aleoop analysis?
Meghan: Yeah. So we need to launch that attribution tracking that I had talked about. So having an ability to see what product teams are releasing and then listening for those signals to be able to attribute dollars to them. So that's one. Two, we need to become SOC2 compliant. Like we can't serve enterprise customers without SOC2 compliance and, and a level of regulatory rigor. so that's like-
Meghan: Yeah, exactly. The whole pipeline.
Meghan: Yeah.
Investor question: Are those going to be free?
Meghan: Free for the POC period. And then after that, we're done. No more free, no more free work. Yes
Investor question: What are you raising and what are you hoping to learn with that raise?
Meghan: Yeah, yeah. So we absolutely need to hire an ML engineer, a full stack engineer, and then, once we have enough of a customer base, a customer success ops person. So raising a million, today is like the kickoff of the pre-seed raise. I've raised $165,000 prior and I'm eager to see what the market has to say in terms of, the, the terms.
Meghan: Yeah.
Meghan: Yeah.
Meghan: Yeah.
