Maria: I’m Maria Schneider.
Maria: we can make physical therapy more effective by partnering with the physical therapist, and having the feedback and the oversight at home.
Maria: Dynofit is our company. I’m CEO and one of the co-founders. And I started this company for my son. My son is 11 years old. He has cerebral palsy. And [00:09:00] we’ve been going to physical therapy with him since he was 3 years old. So I remember a day about 3 and a half years ago when I was sitting watching my son do some very, very simple exercises with the physical therapist thinking, this is the fourth time we’ve been here this week. They’re billing out $2 - 400 this session. I’m spending a significant portion of my life here watching these sessions. Why am I not doing this at home?
Maria: So I’m sitting there thinking, okay, how do we overcome these obstacles so that I can actually get him to do this at home. And I’m a biomedical engineer.
Maria: And the product is the Flexdot
Maria: Okay, so who is the most…
Maria: Who is the most capable?
Maria: This is a more simple question. Who actually is willing to expose their forearm for me?
Maria: So as your muscle flexes, I can read that and what’s on that graph is what your arm muscle has been doing while you’re holding your coffee.
Panel Investor: So it measures the muscle contractions, is that it?
Maria: It actually measures the muscle activation.
Investor question: So are you saying can think to contract her muscle, and we’ll see it on the app?
Panel Investor: So are you saying Jillian can think to contract her muscle, and we’ll see it on the app?
Maria: Yes.
Investor question: Is that kind of the right summary?
Panel Investor: You know the old saying, what gets measured gets done? It’s one of those ones, right? Where if you see progress visually, through an app like that, I feel like that makes you want to do more of what you should be doing, and makes it trackable, right? Makes progress trackable.
When you can see progress, even if it’s just a little progress. Then you know you’re beginning to heal.
Panel Investor: You're giving your physiotherapist, and you're giving the patient this transparency into how their muscles are working and which muscles are contracting and which aren't. And the physiotherapist is able to then tailor the care based on that data. Is that kind of the right summary?
Maria: Exactly.
Maria: Yes. So we do not want to get rid of physical therapists. They're the ones with the knowledge of what you need to do and what your problem is. So if people are going to use physical therapy, which is the most effective muscular skeletal intervention in the world, and it's cheap and it's easy, if you're not spending all your time in front of a physical therapist. So we can change, we can make physical therapy more effective by partnering with the physical therapist, and having the feedback and the oversight at home.
Investor question: How do you sell to therapists? What's the pitch? When you walk into a therapist, how are you selling?
Maria: You said how do we sell it to physical therapists? Physical therapists get it. We didn't invent electromyography. And we have two patents pending, by the way, on this. We invented a different form factor. Electromyography is typically used with a large computer, a lot of wires, electrodes, the systems tend to cost over $10,000. So this is just a completely new packaging of a well-researched, well-understood technology.
Maria: so we're in conversation with the top three joint implant manufacturers right now. Joint implants are a huge deal. Between hips and knees there's a million a year, going up to 3.5 million in the next 13 years or so. All over the world, apparently, we're eventually all going to have knee implants from what I can tell. That's what the numbers say.
Maria: No, you're young, you might have two. So it's really important to recover from those. And it's the third largest cost center for Medicare. So there's a lot of interesting things going on, one of which is bundled payments. So, knee surgery, as of this year, Medicare has put that into a bundle payment environment. So now we're really focusing on knee surgeries. We want to move this up the chain and actually bundle this with the implant.
Maria: Exactly
Investor question: Can you talk more about the patent protection?
Panel Investor: Can you talk more about the patent protection? Because we think about defensibility here over the long term.
Maria: Sure. Absolutely. We can't patent EMG. It's been around for a long time. So what we have patented is what we have applied for. They're not issued yet. They've been published but not issued. Is the use case for remote patient monitoring, which is huge. It's not being used anywhere for remote patient monitoring, and that is a booming industry that's going to play a really big role in medical coming up shortly.
Investor question: So do you have software product that goes with this, that tracks, monitors, all the information?
Maria: We do not. And the reason for that is even from very, very early on we had remote patient monitoring platforms, which I think is what you're talking about, contacting us saying, hey, can we connect the Flexdot to our platform. And what we realized is it has to connect on the other end into potentially the electronic medical records, etc, and that would be building that big single purpose app which we decided not to do. So we're actually about to integrate with a group called Pt Pal so that they can take our data, and integrate it with their physical therapy remote patient monitoring platform.
Investor question: Are they packaging this? What’s the integration time?
Panel Investor: The big revenue generator is the software, okay, it’s not the device. The device is purchased or licensed, but it’s really the software and the data that is the true value. So because you have not created your own software, and because you’re integrating to others right now, I just want to understand, are they selling this? Are they packaging this? What’s the integration time? And really, is there a rev share on this if in fact you’re actually partnering? Or are you just integrating into their system? They own all the data? Correct? Now that’s a lost... For me…
Maria: These are really good questions. And the data thing is something that I am not entirely certain how to monetize that data at the moment. You’re getting data back...
Maria: But the opportunity is there. Because in order to, currently we collect data on the phone. And we have a replay app. We’ve already got a logger on the phone. So we could have that data stream go to their server for whatever app is utilizing it, and go to our server as well and carve out the rights to aggregate and anonymize [01:02:00] and sell that data.
Investor question: Is that you? Is that CEO you?
Maria: Maybe not. And I'm okay with that. But for right now, that CEO probably is me because that doesn't all happen in a day. We need to, we just came to market, we need to get a foothold, we need to get some of these studies done.
Investor question: Do you personally have the sales and marketing skills to get the company to that point where you could bring in a more experienced CEO?
Maria: I don't know.
Investor question: And what are my weak spots?
Panel Investor: Here's why I asked you that question. I think that CEO is you. And I don't think you should back down from the fact that just because you haven't done this 20 times before that you can't learn it and do it. And so actually when you, I think you mentioned it earlier in the pitch, that I can do this for the next year or two and then we can find the right CEO, I would just challenge you to think through, okay, how do I scale with this business? And what are my weak spots? And blind spots? And [01:04:00] either learn those blind spots, or hire the right people. No CEOs are perfect. No CEOs are 100% expert in all of the things that a CEO needs to do or all of the things that a business needs to do. So, I don't know whether you're not, I wouldn't jump to the conclusion that just because you haven't done sales and marketing before that you can't learn it and do it and be great at it. I actually think you know a ton about it.
Panel Investor: What's why I was asking.
Maria: And you know, I evolve as well. But one thing I know about myself is I have a three-year head start in thinking about this product, this market, how it can be used, talking to people about it, and getting feedback on it that even a really experienced CEO coming in to today right now wouldn't have. Not to mention the fact that I can't afford that person. So, you know, the way things are looking, I want $500,000 right now so that I can do the things that are in front of me that are low hanging fruit, that I know that I can do.
Investor question: Which is?
Maria: Well, go out and sell to actual physical therapists. You've got to have feet on the ground to do that.
Investor question: And why can't you be the CEO here long term?
Panel Investor: I'm... Loving the product. And I think that the product you put out is truly disruptive. I'm certainly not a med devices expert. I've never invested in a medical devices company. But I just get the sense that this is a massive - between the therapy and the licensing opportunities that are in front of you - I just think that this a massive market opportunity here. And I think you're going after something really interesting. And to Jillian's point, I think the founder opportunity fit here couldn't be better. And so that's why I was pushing you on, why can't you grow with the business? And why can't you be the CEO here long term? Because I think you've got a great background for it, and I think that the business seems like it's on a great trajectory.
Maria: Ask me in a year. And I appreciate your kind words. I mean, I might be the perfect person in a year. Or not. I'm the perfect person now, I know that.
Maria: Thank you.
