Chinar: Hi. I'm Chinar.
Chinar: I'm Chinar. Nice to meet you.
Chinar: Okay. Hi, everyone. I'm Chinar. I have been in AI before things got generative, and each time I delivered AI solutions, I was facing the following issue. Even though I had very good accuracy when I developed that AI, I had no insights how end users were using that solution and whether they are happy with the output or not. For mobile apps like classic applications, Google Analytics can be used to handle this issue. There is no solution to handle this for AI slash generative AI. And we have created solutions. It's called Feedback Intelligence. We help AI teams to turn automatically the end user feedback into actionable insights, giving them power to analyze the root causes and prioritize the issues. We've validated this problem solution fit, and we locked three pilot customers. We have also ten customers on the waitlist, and it's growing. We are going to start the paid pilots, 1st of July, aiming to convert them to annual contracts end of this year with 360k ARR. And we are going to onboard 14 more customers, aiming to have 1.5 million ARR by the end of next year.
Chinar: So while talking to these companies that are delivering LLM-based solutions, like chatbots or conversational AI, we saw that they are getting a lot of feedback messages, explicit feedback, thumbs up, thumbs down, or just a plain text saying, oh, I queried this, I got this result, but I am not happy with the output. Our solution consolidates explicit and implicit feedback to one place. It automatically does the root cause analysis. And then it provides a list of actions to AI teams to resolve that.
Investor question: Have you developed the part of it that actually asks for the input?
Panel Investor: Have you developed the part of it that actually asks for the input? I know there's a bunch of apps out there that ask for the thumbs up, thumbs down or feedback, or you're embedding into the workflow that's already there?
Chinar: We are embedding for the workflow that is already there. It's just a like integration. And the onboarding takes one hour at this point.
Chinar: Yeah.
Investor question: How are you helping with this? Like you collect the thumbs down, and then what?
Panel Investor: There are plenty of, let's say, chatbots where initially they're trained on some level of data and then some customer can ask it a question. And then the chatbot will intelligently try to find the answer from that data and spit out a result. And then the customer may say, okay, thumbs up, thumbs down. Let's say it was thumbs down. Answer was wrong or maybe insufficient. How are you helping with this? Like you collect the thumbs down, and then what?
Chinar: So one of the pilot customers that we have, they're called Cogniz. They are providing conversational AI, LLM-based solutions to financial institutions. And these like financial analysts are using those like solutions for querying business transaction in Q4 2023. And whenever they are not happy with the output. They have this like thumbs up, thumbs down, or just a plain text saying, well, I expected this. The result is not good. Before they were getting more than thousand feedback messages like this on a daily basis. Manual work to reproduce the issue, analyze what is the root cause, what is the resolution, and then go back to the customer, say, okay, we will fix this, blah, blah. What we do, whenever that financial analyst is not happy with the output, we analyze that behavior. Maybe there is a knowledge hole or retrieval system is not developed well. We analyze all options there and we provide a list of actions to engineers so they can fix it.
Investor question: But I guess how do you analyze it, I suppose?
Chinar: We have developed a novel solution. It's an orchestration of LLMs plus unsupervised learning, where we are able to turn this unstructured, thumbs up, thumbs down, to list of actions.
Investor question: Can you tell us a little bit about yourself, your background and what brought you to building this product?
Panel Investor: So, you mentioned that you've been doing AI before it was generative. Can you tell us a little bit about yourself, your background and what brought you to building this product?
Chinar: Mhm. So I started my career from applied mathematics and informatics. Then uh, and then I did my master's in information technologies, then another master's in computer science and systems. And then my PhD was machine learning integration into healthcare. And four years ago, I was working on a generative AI based product, where we were helping doctors for plastic surgery purposes to generate faces as a reference to understand what is the best for their patient. And most recently I was at Vineti, venture-backed startup here in San Francisco. And a couple of other projects I have delivered.
Investor question: Can you talk to me a little bit about your business model?
Chinar: So right now it's like on average we charge them 90k annual contract.
Investor question: And you said you have two pilot customers?
Panel Investor: Okay. And you said you have two pilot customers?
Chinar: Three pilot customers
Panel Investor: Three?
Chinar: Yeah.
Investor question: So how did you find those three customers? And what was that sales cycle and sales process like for you?
Panel Investor: Okay. So how did you find those three customers? And what was that sales cycle and sales process like for you?
Chinar: Yeah, so what we did first. My co-founder used to sell to financial institutions and he used to be head of product at Zest AI. And then head of product at Spectral. So these all companies. And we started to just talk to these people, like discovery, use our network, investors, advisors to connect with these people. And after that, we found these pilot customers. And then, eventually we were like, okay, let's start some small product marketing. Just write some Medium articles without any marketing expenses. And after that we got huge inbound. Like people were coming to us, LinkedIn messages saying like, is it available? The validation was overwhelming. Really.
Investor question: Or are you looking at the suppliers of that gen AI technology?
Panel Investor: You mentioned this, the contract value you're starting at is this 90,000, which is an awesome starting point, by the way. Most people in this space are hoping to get 9000. So, so I kudos to that. I guess it sounds like you're starting in the financial institution space. As you think about the opportunity within financial services, is the audience sort of anybody that is building their own stuff with gen AI? Or are you looking at the suppliers of that gen AI technology?
Chinar: Any company that utilizes generative AI LLM for different applications. Like from finance to legal AI to home services like this, or like everywhere.
Investor question: How long have you been working on this business?
Chinar: A year and a half ago. I started to build computer vision evaluation tool. And then with this generative AI market adaption. Even though I got one of the fortune 500 media companies as a customer, I saw like this is not being scaled as I want. That's why we shifted our focus and we are going after LLM, generative AI based solutions.
Investor question: Did you raise any money for the company you were doing before?
Chinar: Yeah. One million.
Panel Investor: Is this a completely new company or is this a pivot from the -
Chinar: Pivot. Pivot.
Investor question: So how much money have you raised to date? And how much equity have you given up to investors to date?
Chinar: That's a really good one. We have raised one million so far.
Panel Investor: That was on the old idea?
Chinar: Yes. Yeah.
Chinar: But still we are using that money for this.
Investor question: Did you raise that million on a safe?
Chinar: Yes.
Investor question: What was the valuation cap on that safe?
Chinar: Seven and a half.
Investor question: And how much are you raising now?
Chinar: 2 million.
Investor question: How much is spoken for?
Chinar: We have 1,000,000 soft commitment already.
Investor question: What's the, what’s the price for this round?
Chinar: It's not set yet.
Investor question: What would you like the price to be for this round?
Chinar: Yeah, I mean, we are comfortable to be diluted, like around 15%. For this 2 million.
Chinar: We can negotiate.
Chinar: We are comfortable to be diluted, like around 15%. For this 2 million.
Chinar: We can negotiate.
Investor question: How much capital do you have in the bank?
Chinar: More than 100k.
Investor question: And what's your current burn rate?
Chinar: 15k.
Investor question: How do you think about your burn rate going forward with this new raise?
Chinar: Will go up around 100k.
Investor question: Can I borrow one?
Panel Investor: With four degrees?
Panel Investor: Can I borrow one? I dropped out, so.
Chinar: Right now.
Chinar: Thank you.
Chinar: Awesome.
Investor question: What's your check size?
Chinar: Very good
