Luis: Hello.
Luis: Very nice to meet you guys. All right. So, yeah, hello. My name is Luis and I'm the co-founder and CEO of Tether. But before I was an entrepreneur, I was actually a renewable energy engineer. And I couldn't think of anything more worthwhile than building renewable energy projects and contributing towards the fight against climate change. So my job was to design solar panel projects that would help clients go green, save money on their electricity bill, and sell some power back to the grid. And my designs always got approved. But about 80% of my projects were never built, and it wasn't because the clients didn't want them. It was because the grid simply couldn't handle the power that we were injecting back from the solar panels. So the solution here would have been to add energy storage: batteries. But batteries are really expensive and oftentimes they kill the economics of the project. And this was super frustrating for me, because I was trying to do something that was good for the planet and I was spending all this time and effort building these projects and they were dead on arrival. Well, what if I told you that there are 130 million potential batteries that are completely suitable for this type of application, that are sitting there unused for 95% of the time. Do you guys know what I'm talking about? Do you want to give it a guess?
Luis: Exactly. EVs. So a typical car's parked for 95% of the time. So when it comes to an electric vehicle that's basically just a big battery that happens to have wheels. And with 130 million electric vehicles being sold in Europe alone in the next 10 years, that's 130 million potential batteries that could be used to reinforce the power grid, substitute fossil fuel power plants, and allow more renewable energy on the network. But more importantly, they could be used to allow regular everyday people to actively participate in the green transition, while extending the vehicle's battery and getting paid for it. And that's exactly what Tether does.
Luis: Tether is a cloud-hosted SaaS platform that uses machine learning to intelligently manage the charging and discharging of electric vehicles that are parked all throughout a city. So we are gearing up…
Luis: I'm gonna address that in a second.
Luis: We've totally thought about that, don't worry.
Luis: So yeah, charging and discharging. In the future, the vehicles in garage, it's going to be like a giant power plant. We're ready to launch our product. We have a commercial agreement with a major EV charging company in Sweden and so we're raising 1.5 million to get there.
Luis: Yeah
Luis: Not, not really. So the service that we're performing is minimally impacting the vehicle's batteries. At most we charge or discharge for 15 minutes. The market works …
Luis: Yeah. Exactly. It's just to give enough time to the grid operator to be able to ramp up other power plants.
Charles: Is it sort of charger network dependent and is it vehicle dependent?
Elizabeth: What additional hardware do you need?
Luis: So the idea is that we don't want to install additional hardware. We are a software company, and what we want to do is connect to the charge point operators software via an API, and basically get the information we need as far as how much battery's available in each one, we aggregate that and then we coordinate thousands of vehicles to charge or discharge at the same time according to all of those factors.
Jillian: Is it a utility?
Luis: No. Yeah. So we're gonna start in Sweden. There's a million reasons why. Sweden's electric vehicle market is 120% year on year growth right now. It's around 40-something percent of all vehicles being sold today are electric, and they're gonna have 3 million vehicles sold before 2030. But the way we make money is we participate in existing balancing electrical markets. We're a backup to the grid. And so what we do is we say, look, we have, I don't know, 2000 vehicles available on standing by, those vehicles account for, 10 megawatts or whatever, and there's a price for that power. So we bid into the market and we get paid for just standing by.
Luis: So the customer doesn't pay us, the grid pays us. And the key here is that we get paid even if the grid didn't need us during those hours. We like to say we're like the bodyguard of the grid, right? You, you pay for a security person who is outside of your business and if nothing happens, you still pay them, right? So that's the way it works.
Luis: So I guess you could say the SaaS fee is like the utility grid operator's the one that's paying us continually to have this capacity available.
Luis: Not the spot market; the balancing market.
Luis: Yes. And so what we do is, we go to the owners and we tell them, look, we made, you know 5 euros off of your vehicle, here's 1 euro back, so you're essentially turning their vehicle into a passive source of revenue, and that's how we incentivize them to join the network, we're helping the grid, we're getting money for it, and everyone's happy.
Luis: So actually if we go through these CPOs, the charge point operators, or the OEMs that don't have the functionality that we're providing but want to have that on their software, we can partner with them, we add that to their software and we get access to thousands of EVs that are already using their software, that way we can expand much more quickly. We have two letters of intent, right. I mentioned one of them was with a major EV charging company, so it's exactly -
Luis: In Sweden.
Luis: It's an LOI. Yes. So we're pre-product, pre-revenue, we're developing the software. But basically what that would look like is, they already have about 3000 EVs and so if we integrate through the software, we already have way more than the minimum to participate. The other LOI is with a battery energy company in - and basically we would have a giant stationary battery and we would have that in parallel with the EVs so we have, you know, the stationary capacity that doesn't come and go.
Luis: We want to have those two pilots next year. So our goal was quarter 2 of 2023. That's a little bit ambitious, so maybe it gets pushed back a little bit, but definitely our 2023 goals is to have those two pilots deployed and have our first commercial operation.
Neal: What are they key milestones between now and Q2 of 2023?
Luis: Okay. We want to hire a couple of key developers to get the code that we have running right now to pilot stage deploy. We have to get approval from the utility grid to operate in that market. So we've already started the talks there. And then it's just a matter of starting to see how aggressive we can be with the bids and then that’s what the pilot projects are for, right? You, you see how much money you can make, how aggressive you can be, and then you participate in the market freely.
Elizabeth: How do you think about the future?
Luis: No, no, no, it's actually a great thing. So first of all, all manufacturers are gonna be V2G. Like, any car manufacturer in the future that doesn't have that is gonna be at a significant competitive disadvantage compared to the ones that do. But what you mentioned about the Ford F150, basically what they're doing is they're discharging the battery on their house, right. But they're not coordinating that with the grid. They're not actively participating on those markets. Any vehicle that is electric, we can control to participate there. And I think people are going to want this type of service because it allows them to generate revenue passively.
Luis: So I don't think - so here's the tricky part about participating in this market, right. So in the US each grid has its own laws and its own regulations of how you operate. And it's in Europe as well. So if you are a vehicle manufacturer, you would have to have software that knows where the vehicle is and changes the way you bid into the market and the way you operate for every single transmission system operator, distribution system operator. That's a big hassle. What we are doing, like that is our business, so we are gonna know the inside outs of those markets and that's how we, I think, remain competitive.
Luis: I think there's - I mean, there's definitely other competitors. So the difference between us and our competitors is a lot of people are aggregating other sorts of loads. So for example, heat pumps.
Luis: Or, you know, industrial loads like servers, etc. What makes us different is we're targeting these electric vehicles, private electric vehicles, so everyone has their own schedule, right. So this is a scheduling challenge. But by doing so, that enables us to get access to this huge market.
Mac: Where is your company dociled? Is it a Delaware C Corp? Is it based in Sweden? Where is your company based?
Luis: We're registered in Sweden. Martim and I are currently living in Barcelona developing the code. my cofounder is Martim. Martim is a mechanical engineer. So we both have dual Masters in renewable energy engineering. So what we're gonna do is we're gonna have two offices, we're gonna have one in Sweden, one in Barcelona. But we're certainly open to the United States. I think it's a huge market. And the reason we're starting in Sweden is because today there's already 40%, you know, vehicle penetration. The US -
Elizabeth: What are the terms of this round?
Luis: so we're actually kind of open to negotiations. So.
Elizabeth: Have you raised any money to date?
Luis: We have a small business angel network that's invested. But that's it. We actually…
Mac: How much -
Elizabeth: What were the terms that they -
Luis: It's a SAFE and it was like 10k, so it wasn't too much. But just -
Luis: No cap.
Luis: yeah. Yeah. We're willing to do a SAFE, we're willing to do equity.
Jillian: Do you have any boots on the ground there or?
