David: hello, David
Dave: Hey Elizabeth, nice to meet you.
Dave: Phil. Nice to meet you.
Dave: You're Phil too?
Dave: Nice to meet you, Jillian.
Dave: Nice to meet you, Neal.
Dave: All right. So let's do this.
Dave: Okay. So hello. My name is David Matthews, I'm the CEO and co-founder of Dotcal, and we're building the world's most human interface for scheduling. A few years ago, my cofounders and I were traveling the world as digital nomads while running an agency with dozens of clients around the globe. As you can imagine, scheduling across multiple time zones with a million back and forth emails was an absolute nightmare. To make matters worse, even the best scheduling tools in the market consisted of boring white pages that hurt our brand at the most pivotal conversion point for our business, that of booking a meeting. So we built Dotcal. Dotcal's the first scheduling platform that allows users the ability to create customized booking pages that perfectly match their brand while also providing a more delightful way to find time. We're addressing the billion knowledge workers and businesses worldwide that schedule meetings each and every day. Since opening up our beta three months ago, Dotcal users have created over 8000 booking pages and are scheduling over 100 meetings a day, a number which is growing at a 45% month over month rate. We're raising 1 million dollars to fuel that growth and build a better booking experience for all.
Dave: Totally. So at the core of what we do is we try to make scheduling just more intuitive, more human, more natural. And when you're using a Calendly or you're booking a salon appointment or something, it's very like robotic and it's very inhuman and I take the opposite approach. I say, hey, actually, you create the experience you want for your brand so that it will probably increase conversions. So a lot of people think that we're just Calendly with pretty colors. The next phase of what we're building is a booking page builder which no one has done yet, and so you can create the experience from the ground up. And so to that end, we are very different than Calendly. Calendly just did a $10 million rebrand or whatever and they touched everything on their platform except for their booking pages. They have a philosophical perspective which is - it should be utilitarian. Everyone should look the same. And for me, coming from a marketing background, running a growth agency and building a lot of landing pages. And I was using Calendly and it just wasn't converting as well as it could have. And so that was, kind of gave us the genesis idea.
Phil: Do you have any statistics about what the conversion rates are, like on Calendly?
Dave: It's pretty high. Because you want to schedule a meeting.
Dave: Yeah. So we've run a lot of A/B tests with 10,000 pages at this point. And, and Dotcal conversions are about 25% higher than Calendly conversions for marketing purposes. But we already have enough -
Dave: It's in a marketing context. Yeah. And so the design and the booking experience and the call to action, which effectively is booking time, for some professions, in particular sales people, recruiters, that's actually very, very important, right. In fact, actually, the reason I'm here today is because we looked in our database one day and we saw this username Josh who had tons of bookings. And so we looked into it and that's how we found The Pitch show, right. And so Josh uses Dotcal for The Pitch show, and in fact actually he left - I think he tried Calendly and Vimcal and uses Dotcal, right. And so to answer your questions, yes, on one hand if you're just scheduling a meeting with me, it's gonna be 100% conversion rate. I think we're more akin to say a Squarespace. Squarespace has a templated approach and that templates allow them to verticalize into different spaces. If I'm a photographer, I have a photography template. And the carousel is useful to me as a photographer. If I am a non-profit, maybe I use the widget that takes more money in. So the templatization of this is actually like a pretty powerful part of our platform and it's something that will set us apart in a huge way from Calendly.
Neal: What's the early adopter use cases here?
Dave: So, so far we have about 50 industries on our platform. These are anyone from a sales team, actually like 25 people from Zoom. So a lot of sales people, a lot of visual people, wedding planners, a lot of photographers, a lot of those agencies, they're using us. Another really cool example that we've seen, a lot of emergent behavior we've seen, is with a feature we call our shared booking pages. If we wanted to follow up right now with all of us, like, say next week, how do we do so? We’d, I probably email your EAs, or your chiefs of staff, or you and have a million back and forth emails. But in one second, I can easily invite all of you to a shared page, you sign up for Dotcal in say 30 seconds, you attach your calendar, it pulls your availability. So now all of our availabilities are on one page.
Dave: No worries. No worries.
Neal: Can you solve it?
Dave: We can easily solve that right now with our shared functionality. But I don't think that's even the most interesting feature. So shared pages are useful for all of us getting on, you know, own page and sending it to Josh, he can book on all of our calendars. But what's really interesting is they're most useful for one-on-one interactions. So for instance, I have a shared page with my therapist. And the reason I do that is instead of calling a secretary and, you know, going back and forth, or instead of me actually sending my Dotcal, which then he has to see when he's free, I just say, hey look, let's just create a shared page with us, right. And so now, every time I book a therapy appointment I have this page that immediately books and only shows times we're both free. And so there's a lot of emergent behavior with the one-on-one scheduling.
Dave: Oh yeah. No worries. No worries.
