Elizabeth: Do you love the problem you're working on?
Monica: How are you all doing?
Monica: Good. I'm gonna start with a personal question, but I want to know: how would you feel if you went into the bathroom and you found blood in your underwear?
Monica: But for the men in the room -
Monica: - it would probably be shocking at the very least, probably terrifying. But this is how thousands of US girls experience their first period. My name is Monica Williams. I'm the CEO and one of the cofounders of RedDrop, and we are redefining feminine hygiene for tweens. We have a system of products and education that are revolutionizing, transforming the period experience for elementary, middle and high school girls. We're working hard to capture this - you know, our slice of the six-billion-dollar pie. We've generated $5 million in revenue since our launch in 2021, $3 million last year, and we have a clear path to $100 million in revenue in five years or less. And I'd love to invite you to join a five - I'm sorry, a $500,000 seed round that we're raising for scale and to transform more periods for girls in America.
Beck: What does this kit help them prepare for? What are they getting, you obviously have the tools here, so tell us more.
Monica: Well, I welcome you if you'd like to kind of open them and play with them.
Monica: It might be noisy.
Monica: I'll pass them both along. pop it open, there's all kinds of cool stuff inside.
Monica: It's a uterus.
Monica: It's a stress ball.
Monica: Because this could be stressful.
Monica: One through four.
Monica: That's so you don't have to talk. If you're uncomfortable in like, let’s say, a male teacher, you can just - yeah. Because they only get two bathroom breaks a day, generally.
Monica: All right, so, what tween periods means for me is the normal age for a girl to start their period is eight to 16. It feels like girls are starting younger and younger.
Monica: So, you know, nine, ten is not uncommon. We market to moms to really get prepared and start having the conversation, because what - the situation I described happens in schools. And so one of our other cofounders is a lifelong educator, and she can tell you a story of a child going into the bathroom and literally thought she was dying. So, just starting to have that conversation early is really, really important. And so that's a big part of what we talk about is just start having small conversations, normalize this, desexualize it. Google’s a terrible teacher. We want parents to be involved. What does mom really know about her period? So we step into all of those gaps, as well as provide better products for tweens in terms of size, um absorbency, it's odor control without fragrance and um just being there for them.
Monica: Thank you.
Mac: How do they find you?
Monica: Customer acquisition right now is using social media marketing. Right now, we have two channels of business. So D2C is our biggest, and that's where social media marketing comes in. Our second is schools. And so in a lot of ways we're using the Always model. 26 states are required to buy feminine hygiene for students. And so we go and do conferences in school nurses spaces where we sell to schools as well. So it's really customer acquisition for which we are paying.
Monica: Absolutely.
Mac: What social media platforms do you use and are you using paid or is this organic?
Monica: We use both. Organically, we use YouTube, Facebook, IG, primarily, and our paid is primarily Facebook and IG, we also do Pinterest. We really just try to to be in all places, but our biggest drivers are Facebook and Instagram.
Mac: How much does it cost for you to generate one of these packets, and how - and what are your margins on it?
Monica: So our direct margin's at least 80%. Our gross margin is around 65% for this. For our school product, it's a little bit lower, because we pay commissions on that. Our customer acquisition does vary. Like, Q - last quarter was awful, but I would say it's generally around $20. Our average order value is around $40.
Monica: About five bucks.
Monica: Correct.
Monica: Well, 37.99, to be specific.
Mac: What percentage of your customers are repeat customers?
Monica: It's a great question. And I’d say if there's one where - one area where we didn't do a great job in the beginning but we're doing a much better job now is subscriptions. So we - we are just launching subscription. In terms of repeat customers, the best way I can answer that question for you right now is that when we have a sale event, 40% of our sales are from repeat customers. And so, the my best and most honest answer is I'm not sure yet, but we are - we are looking to have a lifetime value of upwards of $200 per customer.
Pascal: How much - and I know it's early days - but how much are you thinking about digital tools as a retention tool on top of the physical products?
Monica: It's definitely been a part of our planning. There is a tech play to this, for sure. I mean, just, we can start very basic with a period tracker. Most period trackers tell you when to get pregnant. But that's not the driver for this. So just to normalize that for her in a digital way and then tie that to the back end in terms of supply chain could be very, very powerful. So absolutely. That's certainly part of our plan.
Monica: Exactly.
Monica: Exactly. And tie it to mom, so she isn't surprised and she can buy the Motrin.
Monica: Absolutely. We've definitely planned some of those things.
Monica: Awesome. Thank you.
Monica: Yes.
Monica: Okay.
Monica: Thank you.
Charles: How much do you want to do D2C?
Mac: How about you, Elizabeth?
Monica: Yes.
Monica: All right. So there's so many things I'd love to address. So, thank you. Let me start with that. Thank you very much for the compliments. I appreciate them. So the period kit is really our hero product. But we - our goal is to own elementary, middle and high school. So we start with these products, and we start with them because of size and fit and experience. But we currently we already sell period underwear, which is a more sustainable option, and is expanding us into an older kid, because we go - we have seven sizes. We're introducing menstrual cups um next quarter.
Monica: And um again, a sustainable option and um it's - it's good for tweens as well as older kids, and we have introduced tampons. And that's actually in our next kit. We didn't introduce it initially. Frankly, we're from the South and so there's - you know, there's some biases there. So our goal is to go a bit wider on this full - the full period experience for school-aged children. I didn't mention we also have education, so we partner with Rebel Girls, we have a book.
Monica: Oh!
Monica: Yeah. So we - so they reached out to us and we co-branded a book and so that was kind of our first foray into physical education. We do a lot of video education as well. We're looking to expand that so that we're - we can become the big sister. And so to your point about what's the experience where my friend has her period and how do I have this conversation with her about introducing her to RedDrop just as a word of mouth piece, that's definitely a direction that we have started and are growing into. So for us, I see RedDrop as being the tween and teen feminine hygiene brand. Can it grow beyond that? For sure. Now, as - you opened the door. As a black woman, for me to come on here and say, I'm going to become the new Always, that's super audacious.
Monica: And I could be, for sure.
Mac: What makes it audacious?
Monica: Absolutely. But I will say, this has not been an easy journey.
Monica: And so you learn to temper and to make it so that it is consumable for your audience. And so -
Mac: When you're pitching in front of investors, you don't got to temper nothing.
Monica: I appreciate that.
Monica: Oh, absolutely.
Monica: It has been. It has been. For sure.
Beck: How many millennials will eat a bowl of cereal that they ate when they were 10 years old. Why?
Monica: Absolutely.
