Ryan: Ryan.
Ryan: Super excited to be sitting in front of you. I'm Ryan James, the CEO of Dopl Technologies, where our mission is equal access to health care. Did you know that if you live in a rural area, you're more likely to die from all top ten causes of death? Part of the problem is that specialists who diagnose and treat diseases are concentrated in urban areas, forcing rural patients to travel long distances, receive care late, and sometimes not receive care at all. It's not about what you look like. It's not about your gender or where you live. It's about the systems in place that do or do not support you, and I'm about tearing down the systems that do not work and rebuilding them to support everybody. So, after a career in tech, I pursued a PhD in health informatics, where I met my two co-founders, and we co-founded Dopl. Our vision is to democratize access to care through telerobotic and autonomous procedures. And we're starting with a telerobotic ultrasound system that enables a specialist to perform a diagnostic exam on a patient in a different location by controlling a robot over the internet. Since starting our company two years ago, we've tested our prototype in multiple hospitals we've turned four LOIs into contracts, and I'm here to raise $4 million to build a future where everyone has the same access to care regardless of where they live.
Ryan: Love to chat about it. Can I show you a picture?
Ryan: Okay. I think this always helps. So there's, there's a, there's a patient site component -
Ryan: - which consists of a robot holding an ultrasound probe. And then there's an expert site component. Think, you're a sonographer. You're an ultrasound specialist. You're working from home. You hold a 3D-printed ultrasound probe that's tracked with six degrees of freedom.
Ryan: Like a Wii remote. Except it also has translation.
Ryan: In space.
Ryan: Which actually I think Wii remotes -
Cyan: Can you tell the pressure that's going down on the body?
Ryan: Yeah. So the most important thing for us to get right is pressure.
Ryan: Because these are all non invasive procedures.
Ryan: And so we're laser focused on safety, and the robot has pressure sensors in it. So we know when we're pushing too hard, and we've built algorithms to prevent that from happening. We can also give the remote specialists haptic feedback.
Ryan: So they know how hard they're pressing. Cause what we really want to do at this stage is just effectively recreate the experience that they're in person.
Jesse: What would have happened when they were there.
Ryan: Exactly.
Ryan: Yeah. So, we've done it on this little 3D printed surface, I'm going to take you, take you back. So I met my two co-founders during my PhD. The first system that we built was for a minimally invasive heart procedure. The electrophysiologist was in Chicago. Our system was in Seattle. And we did a heart procedure on a pig. And we did it successfully. And so at that stage we realized that telerobotic procedures are going to happen. Like this is here now. But the really important insight was that all the technology is already here. Like there are fantastic robots. There are fantastic devices. We don't need to rebuild any of that. The missing piece was a software stack that connected it all.
Ryan: And so all of our IP, all of our patents are around that and then creating a wonderful user experience for the expert. And then I can go into the other aspects of our moat, as well, if you'd like.
Cyan: Tell us more.
Ryan: Yeah. So Right now, all of the big ultrasound manufacturers have been trying to tap into the rural market, but they can't because the specialists aren't there. And so we're on track to be first to market with a telerobotic ultrasound system in the US. And that gives us the opportunity to scale up into a bunch of rural hospitals, which will build up a moat. And then we can use that data to then deliver more value in starting with semi-autonomous functionality that allows the sonographer to perform procedures faster. And then our ultimate vision is to perform these procedures autonomously. And it's not just ultrasound either. Like the big vision is to go into these minimally invasive like endovascular procedures that my cofounders perform.
Ryan: Yeah, this is an off the shelf robot that anyone can use. It's made by Universal Robotics. So this robot is not only used in medicine, it's also used to move boxes in warehouses and things like that. It's used across all verticals.
Jesse: What does the process look like for you to be certified?
Ryan: Yeah. There's already been a telerobotic ultrasound system that's been FDA cleared in the US. It's a company called AdecoTech. They're a French company and they have commercial traction in Europe and Canada, but not in the US. They haven't tried to sell their device in the US yet. And so that leaves this not only this enormous market opportunity in the US for us, but it also just like rolls out the red carpet in terms of getting FDA clearance, because now all we have to do is demonstrate equivalence to their system and then we'll have Class 2, 510k clearance, mid next year is what we're projecting.
Cyan: Is the reason that they haven't entered the market is because of how our healthcare system works compared to those countries?
Ryan: That's what we suspect. So, we actually hired their former regulatory consultants.
Cyan: Is the reason that they haven't entered the market is because of how our healthcare system works compared to those countries?
Ryan: That's what we suspect. So, we actually hired their former regulatory consultants. And their regulatory consultants suspect that they got FDA clearance as part of their regulatory strategy, but never intended to enter the market because entering a new market is really challenging and focus is really important.
Cyan: Why wouldn't you just resell their product if they're not in the United States and then lock up all of the doctors?
Ryan: We didn't do that for two reasons. One is we didn't want to give them commercial success in the US. And then number two, is there's a significant limitation to their system. So they have this big stand that holds this handle and then at the tip of the handle, there's an ultrasound probe, and it requires a medical assistant in the room to grab the handles and apply pressure and the remote sonographer can just angle the probe. And so now you have to train a medical assistant how to apply pressure and sort of where to move the probe, which is the hardest part.
Ryan: And so what we've heard from sonographers is they want full control. And so we were just like, we just need to build this thing and take it to market as soon as we possibly can and then scale up.
Charles: How does pricing work and kind of what do your customers have to believe about efficacy or throughput in order for it to pen and pencil?
Ryan: Yeah. So first focused on pricing. We're targeting rural hospitals. There are about 1800 rural hospitals in the US. About 1300 of those hospitals are critical access hospitals. So they're financially supported by the government. So when one of those critical access hospitals performs a procedure, Medicare will reimburse them for the cost of performing that procedure. They'll also do that when they purchase a new system. So for example, we go to a rural hospital and we say, Hey, here's our system for $60,000. Medicare is going to reimburse that for a significant portion. And so what we've heard from rural hospitals is $60,000 is totally fine. Our basic business model is it costs us about 50k to build the system. We're planning to sell the system for 60k, and then charge a 50 to $100 per procedure fee. And so, we really start to see economic success with volume of procedure. That's our game.
Ryan: Yeah. I think that's super interesting. We actually did a test from Houston to Seattle over T Mobile's 5G network. We're about to do a test in a moving ambulance.
Ryan: Just to demonstrate that we can do this in a moving vehicle. The thing is, though, that there's a lot of volume at these rural hospitals. And so I think, ultimately, it's going to make sense to just sell a system to a rural hospital, keep it there, so that they can take care of their communities through on demand procedures.
Ryan: So that is what we're hearing from specialists. Like the ability for them to work from home is extraordinary. So one of our specialists, her name's Yulia, I interviewed her on her way back from Ocean Beach, and it's a three and a half hour drive. So she drives three and a half hours to get there, stays in the hotel, performs procedures, stays another night in the hotel. And then right after that long day of work, she drives three and a half hours home. So I'm interviewing her on her way home and she expresses how just taxing it is And how valuable it would be to be able to work from home and do this work, but also not have to go get the patient from the waiting room, bring them in, gel them up. And then after the procedure, clean them off and take them back out. All the non-specialty work would be handled by the medical assistant.
Ryan: Yep.
Ryan: So there would be a medical assistant in the room who gels the patient and is just there to watch over things, while the specialist is doing their thing. And so there's just a ton of benefits from remote work that sonographers will be able to experience that they're very excited about.
Cyan: What is your fundraising history?
Ryan: We did Tech Stars fall 2022. That was our first 120k. and then a ton of very forward thinking angels that include physicians and technologists. To date, we've raised 870k.
Charles: Can you tell me more about what the four gets you?
Ryan: Yeah, it gets us to FDA clearance, and rolling out to our first four customers.
Ryan: When we look at the market, it's 1.8 billion, and that's just based on our telerobotic fees in a hundred percent of the rural market and 20 percent of the urban market. If we just captured 20 percent of that, it's a great business. And that's also just in the US. I think once we have autonomous procedures, I think about what we can do in Kenya and Tanzania. We've been talking to hospitals there, and other underserved areas of the world.
Ryan: Yeah, so, all four of our current customers are critical access hospitals. And when you go to these hospitals, you talk to the CEO, talk to anyone there, they'll tell you that their mission is to take care of their communities. They don't really care about making money. They just don't want to lose money. um…
Ryan: [exhales]
Ryan: They don't really care about making money. They just don't want to lose money. um
Ryan: [exhales] The way that the cost structure works is they're reimbursed at cost for the procedure. They're just set up not to lose money. And like making money isn't a huge concern of theirs, especially because they're reimbursed by the government.
Ryan: Awesome. Thank you.
Ryan: Fantastic.
Ryan: Yeah. Very.
Ryan: Oh, interesting.
Ryan: Don't make me start telling jokes. They're gonna be bad.
