Chinar: Hi. I'm Chinar.
Chinar: I'm Chinar. Nice to meet you.
Chinar: Okay. Hi, everyone. I'm Chinar. I have been in AI before things got generative, and each time I delivered AI solutions, I was facing the following issue. Even though I had very good accuracy when I developed that AI, I had no insights how end users were using that solution and whether they are happy with the output or not. For mobile apps like classic applications, Google Analytics can be used to handle this issue. There is no solution to handle this for AI slash generative AI. And we have created solutions. It's called Feedback Intelligence. We help AI teams to turn automatically the end user feedback into actionable insights, giving them power to analyze the root causes and prioritize the issues. We've validated this problem solution fit, and we locked three pilot customers. We have also ten customers on the waitlist, and it's growing. We are going to start the paid pilots, 1st of July, aiming to convert them to annual contracts end of this year with 360k ARR. And we are going to onboard 14 more customers, aiming to have 1.5 million ARR by the end of next year.
Chinar: So while talking to these companies that are delivering LLM-based solutions, like chatbots or conversational AI, we saw that they are getting a lot of feedback messages, explicit feedback, thumbs up, thumbs down, or just a plain text saying, oh, I queried this, I got this result, but I am not happy with the output. Our solution consolidates explicit and implicit feedback to one place. It automatically does the root cause analysis. And then it provides a list of actions to AI teams to resolve that.
Jesse: Have you developed the part of it that actually asks for the input?
Chinar: We are embedding for the workflow that is already there. It's just a like integration. And the onboarding takes one hour at this point.
Chinar: Yeah.
Elizabeth: How are you helping with this?
Chinar: So one of the pilot customers that we have, they're called Cogniz. They are providing conversational AI, LLM-based solutions to financial institutions. And these like financial analysts are using those like solutions for querying business transaction in Q4 2023. And whenever they are not happy with the output. They have this like thumbs up, thumbs down, or just a plain text saying, well, I expected this. The result is not good. Before they were getting more than thousand feedback messages like this on a daily basis. Manual work to reproduce the issue, analyze what is the root cause, what is the resolution, and then go back to the customer, say, okay, we will fix this, blah, blah. What we do, whenever that financial analyst is not happy with the output, we analyze that behavior. Maybe there is a knowledge hole or retrieval system is not developed well. We analyze all options there and we provide a list of actions to engineers so they can fix it.
Chinar: We have developed a novel solution. It's an orchestration of LLMs plus unsupervised learning, where we are able to turn this unstructured, thumbs up, thumbs down, to list of actions.
Mac: Can you tell us a little bit about yourself, your background and what brought you to building this product?
Chinar: Mhm. So I started my career from applied mathematics and informatics. Then uh, and then I did my master's in information technologies, then another master's in computer science and systems. And then my PhD was machine learning integration into healthcare. And four years ago, I was working on a generative AI based product, where we were helping doctors for plastic surgery purposes to generate faces as a reference to understand what is the best for their patient. And most recently I was at Vineti, venture-backed startup here in San Francisco. And a couple of other projects I have delivered.
Mac: Can you talk to me a little bit about your business model?
Chinar: So right now it's like on average we charge them 90k annual contract.
Chinar: Three pilot customers
Chinar: Yeah.
Chinar: Yeah, so what we did first. My co-founder used to sell to financial institutions and he used to be head of product at Zest AI. And then head of product at Spectral. So these all companies. And we started to just talk to these people, like discovery, use our network, investors, advisors to connect with these people. And after that, we found these pilot customers. And then, eventually we were like, okay, let's start some small product marketing. Just write some Medium articles without any marketing expenses. And after that we got huge inbound. Like people were coming to us, LinkedIn messages saying like, is it available? The validation was overwhelming. Really.
Chinar: Any company that utilizes generative AI LLM for different applications. Like from finance to legal AI to home services like this, or like everywhere.
Elizabeth: How long have you been working on this business?
Chinar: A year and a half ago. I started to build computer vision evaluation tool. And then with this generative AI market adaption. Even though I got one of the fortune 500 media companies as a customer, I saw like this is not being scaled as I want. That's why we shifted our focus and we are going after LLM, generative AI based solutions.
Mac: Did you raise any money for the company you were doing before?
Chinar: Yeah. One million.
Chinar: Pivot. Pivot.
Chinar: That's a really good one. We have raised one million so far.
Chinar: Yes. Yeah.
Chinar: But still we are using that money for this.
Mac: Did you raise that million on a safe?
Chinar: Yes.
Mac: What was the valuation cap on that safe?
Chinar: Seven and a half.
Chinar: 2 million.
Cyan: How much is spoken for?
Chinar: We have 1,000,000 soft commitment already.
Mac: What's the, what’s the price for this round?
Chinar: It's not set yet.
Chinar: Yeah, I mean, we are comfortable to be diluted, like around 15%. For this 2 million.
Chinar: We can negotiate.
Chinar: We are comfortable to be diluted, like around 15%. For this 2 million.
Chinar: We can negotiate.
Mac: How much capital do you have in the bank?
Chinar: More than 100k.
Chinar: 15k.
Chinar: Will go up around 100k.
Chinar: Right now.
Chinar: Thank you.
Chinar: Awesome.
Cyan: What's your check size?
Chinar: Very good
Chinar: Thank you.
Charles: Which says more about, like, my lack of technical understanding than it does about the value of the product.
Chinar: Thank you.
Elizabeth: Can you talk about like, why are you going to increase your burn to something pretty substantial so quickly?
Chinar: Yeah, maybe I was not clear. We want to first do these pilot deliveries, perform feedback based iteration with current team, and then start building and adding more features, delivering to these other companies that are on the waitlist. It doesn't mean that after closing this round, we are going to hire everyone. And we have a financial model. Everything is written down before and after this raise. And I'm happy to share it with you.
Chinar: We are five people right now. We will have one product marketer until end of this year and a full stack engineer. And LLM experts. So three hires are going to join us.
Chinar: Yeah, well, 50k for sure.
Chinar: Yes.
Chinar: Yes. Yes.
Chinar: Yeah.
Chinar: Yeah.
Chinar: Yes.
Chinar: Yeah, yeah.
Chinar: Yeah, we can be at breakeven. Yeah.
Chinar: We can discuss.
Chinar: Thank you.
Chinar: Thank you so much. Yeah, this was great.
Elizabeth: When you've burned through 900k, I want to know more about that.
