Michele: My name is Michele and I'm from Italy. I would describe myself young. ambitious, hard worker and joyful. I like to work. and at the same time, I like also to have fun
Michele: this is a bit ridiculous no? But I want my brand to be the number one in the world. hearing about the American dream, know, this democratization, even me. I'm not an American citizen, I just have a visa. I can come and play my card. So I said, I want to give it a try and here I am.
Michele: Hey Ben, nice to meet you. Ciao to everyone, my name is Michele, from Barberino. 20 percent of American men earn more than $200,000 per year. Those men drive Ferrari, they wear Armani and they live in penthouses, but they don't have a place where to go to take care about themselves. And more importantly, they don't have a brand which they can identify with when it comes to men's grooming. And this is the reason why Niccolò and I founded Barberinos and grew it to become the leading luxury men's grooming brand in Italy. In 2024, in Italy, with almost 5 million in revenues, more than 100,000 loyal customers and 45 SKU distributed across 120 locations, our mission is very simple. Help every man feel his best, because better men make it for a better world. But Niccolò and I want more. We want our brand to be the number one in the world. So we look at ourselves and we ask, okay, what's next? If you want to be the number one brand in the world, you need to start with the number one country in the world. United States of America. Yes, but how? We searched for the best expert in the country, Eric Malka, who founded the Art of Shaving and sold it to Proctor and Gamble in 2009. With his help, we will make Barberino the premier men's grooming brand in the United States. Early last year, we opened up our first store in New York City at 520 Madison Avenue. We broke even in six months. And we are now at 1.5 million in revenues in less than one year. This means that we are ready to scale. We want to achieve national coverage in main US cities with our flagship stores that will be driving revenues and reputation. But be aware, the stores are not the business. They are the foundation for building up the brand, because they inspire emotion, they create connection, and they foster a real community. From there, our wholesale and D2C channel will scale the business efficiently by delivering our products to all affluent men in America. We are raising 1.5 million dollar and, today, I'm inviting you to join us in shaping the future of luxury men's grooming
Michele: Yes.
Michele: Yeah, this is just a selection. We have 45 SKU.
Michele: So we cover shaving, beard care, facial, hair care and also styling.
Kate: Can you pass them around?
Kate: Do you wear cologne?
Elizabeth: How did you decide to start this company?
Michele: Yes. So I have a background actually in investment banking. So I was working mainly in M&A. And when I was in London, there was places where I could go to take care about grooming routine and beauty. And when I moved back to Italy, I noticed that the market was like, was there from a demand perspective, but there was no offer. So this was like the beginning factor that led us to set up the company. So with Barberino's, we blend high quality cosmetic products covering all aspects for men's beauty routine with bespoken experiences, immersive experiences, like facial treatment, scalp treatment, haircut, hot towel, wet shave, and we deliver that in our own store. So we actually bootstrap that. We open a pilot store. It was successful. We developed products. And then we wholesale the products in the premium department store and specialty retailers in Italy. From there we become the leading brand in the, in Italy. So it was just as simple as that. I don't know whether I answered your question.
Elizabeth: Is that, is that something that you guys kind of learned how to do as a team?
Michele: Let's say that my cofounder and I excel in finding the best people for each specific topic, and this is something happened also here in the United States. So when we said, okay, we're going to go and grow this business in the US market, we don't know anything about US.
Michele: And so we said, okay, I want the best in the market to be on my side. And there is only one guy that succeed in this segment. It was Eric Malka. So we actually not only onboarded him, but we onboarded the whole founding team.
Michele: So they have already proven skill in developing best in class product, and also in scaling the largest grooming brand in this market.
Ben: How much did they invest?
Michele: They invested 300,000 on the Italian company. But then I wanted to make a bold move and I gave him 10 percent shares as a strategic partner, advisory shares in the US company. Because I wanted him to have the skin in the game, and I thought that less than 10 percent wouldn’t move the needle for him.
Michele: Yeah, actually, I, I don't, I don't think there is a problem with the category. I mean, the demand is there. The main proof to that was that the Art of Shaving was owning that, for affluent men across the United States. And what I've seen in the market was that on one side we have pure D2C brand that just start buying businesses and without a really differentiating factor, without IP. And on the other side, on the service side, the market is extremely fragmented with 60 percent of operators being mom and pops. They lack financial and human resources to, to create a brand. And they lack also the sophistication to elevate the experience. Barberino stepped in with really robust omni channel and 360 degrees approach to the category. And, that I think is the right thing to do.
Jesse: How do you imagine, as you scale this business, how do you both combine the growth of what you want to do and sort of keeping that craft and quality and high touch.
Michele: Our strategy, it's very simple. We just want to open flagship store in urban location, where the affluent men are. And in this store, delivering our experiences, immersive experiences, and then at the same time open up store with premium retailers where we can deliver the products and reach the customer for their replenishment needs through online. My cofounder and I are coming from investment banking and strategic consulting. So we have experience with advisory human resources. We already scale this thing in Italy where we have 70 barbers working for us and we are just doing this year at a larger scale.
Michele: Yes.
Michele: 16 locations.
Michele: And we're going to plan to have 15 locations here in the United States, flagship. First of all, we want to own New York.
Michele: Yes.
Michele: We plan to have two, three flagship store in New York, and then we strategically move westward, Houston, Dallas, Chicago, Miami, and then going Las Vegas is very important market for us. And then up to California, eventually. 15 location provide us a scale that allow us to build the next five years a 50 million, revenues business. 30 million will come from, from retail with a balanced mix between service and products. And then the other 20 million will come from wholesale and D2C.
Michele: Already when we are in the range of 20 to 25 million, we are already the perfect target for luxury conglomerates. And I think the value is going to be in excess of 100 million based on compatible transaction. So already halfway.
Charles: Can you talk about price point on the products?
Michele: Yeah, it's $35, for cosmetic, 125 for fragrances.
Charles: What products is your target customer using today?
Michele: There is no, uh, unique brand, someone that even if you go to premium department store, you cannot see a brand that is consistently on the top shelf, on the top shelf. There are people using Harry's, Aqua di Parma, and there's a lot of noise in the market. But men's getting every year more educated on beauty. They are more interested in taking care and spending time on the beauty routine. We deserve that.
Jesse: Is it a price problem? Is it a brand problem? Is it?
Michele: No, there is no price problem. When we enter here, we wanted to have a price point that was similar to the art of shaving one, just because we are a new brand entering in a new market. We didn't want like to sound arrogant or cheap. We just went for the safe, safe direction on price. but our goal is to elevate the offer, elevate the package And increase the price as well, especially then on fragrances.
Kate: What's the brand story?
Michele: The brand story is very nice. We took the name after my great grandfather's story. My great grandfather moved to the United States in 1910. So 115 years ago. He came here to Ellis Island. So we also get back the record. They're printed on the store. And he moved to Boston working on the railways. But at the time they didn't have a Netflix or things to do in the evening, so everybody was doing another job. And, in the house he went to live, he found this wooden box with two drawer, one with the shaving tool and the other one for the money. And so he just learned how to shave and became the barber of the Italian American community over there.
Ben: Is that integrated into like the packaging in any way?
Michele: No, we just the - his nickname is Barberino because -
Michele: - he was young. Yeah. And it's like little barber in Italy.
Michele: This is the same, the same passion, the same entrepreneurial spirit of Barberino, we want to bring it back more than one century later.
Michele: We print out the Ellis island register with the picture of the boat and it is on Madison Avenue. It's like -
