Kelsey: My name is Kelsey Willock and I am from Chicago. I am a creative writer, but also fascinated by financial services.
Kelsey: I was trying to pull myself out of $150,000 of student loan debt. I was working long hours at Goldman, but all I wanted to do at the end of the day was work on this project. given the economic position that I was in, I really wasn't ready to take a leap of faith But I realized like I can do this. I can learn about things that I'm not familiar with. And I became less afraid. And finally, six years in I felt ready to take the leap of faith to solve the problem directly.
Kelsey: My name is Kelsey Willock, and I am the cofounder and CEO of Aura Finance. I graduated college with $150,000 of student loan debt, and that left me very anxious and insecure. I had gotten my dream job at Goldman Sachs, which I thought was the best place to learn about money, but what I didn't realize is getting into the game is not enough if you don't know how to play it. Very early on in my career, I was lucky enough to meet a manager named Amy that really helped give me the confidence and guidance I needed to actually start playing the game. With her help, I refinanced 11 student loans, I started investing for retirement, and ultimately healing my relationship with money. The problem is, not everyone has someone like an Amy in their life. That's no wonder 88 percent of people are anxious about money. Two out of five can't even cover an unexpected $400 emergency expense. And it's not just a problem for them, it's also a problem for their employers, as they're more likely to miss work, take sick days, be compensation dissatisfied, and more, costing their companies $500 billion a year.
Kelsey: Yeah. Essentially, everything that we've built has been informed by real human coaches. For instance, my business partner, Courtney Carden, is actually a certified money coach. We are designed to unblock limiting beliefs and help build better behavior patterns. And when we pitch our partners, we're often the first time they've ever heard the word psychology and money in the same sentence.
Jenny: Is there a survey? Is there a chatbot that's helping these?
Kelsey: So there are multiple different interventions. Things like getting to know your relationship with money through our money personality quiz, which we developed with a team of behavioral scientists and researchers at Georgetown and Cornell. It's an eight question quiz designed to essentially build a Myers Briggs for your money. We also further curate your user experience because a highly avoidant person needs to be spoken very differently than someone that is highly obsessive, and so that is just one of the ways in which we get to know our members better.
Charles: What does the coaching program entail?
Kelsey: So, a member enrolls and they are brought to a digital dashboard, which will start by getting to know their relationship with money and we'll get to know their holistic financial situation. What's going on in checking, savings, spending and more. That onboarding takes about five minutes. Once we have them do the intake, we build them a plan for their money and their mindset. It is highly actionable. Things like, hey, we noticed you have $10,000 in excess sitting in your checking account. Move it over to a high yield savings account like Aura. So highly prescriptive, highly actionable and rewards based. On the opposite end of the spectrum, they might be in more of a wealth building stage. So we'll help them open up a managed investment account in alignment with their values, and they can do so also directly with us. Additional action items include helping them navigate a conversation around money with their partner. Money is the second leading cause of divorce, although I'd argue it's the number one.
Kelsey: They're highly intertwined. And we are also very effective at doing so. 37 percent of our members take action when they're in their first 30 days with us.
Kelsey: It's typically the head of HR, finance, who also needs to be convinced because HR is not a revenue generating side of the business. So you have to effectively prove out ROI or cost savings. Head of people, and then oftentimes we often work with total rewards leaders as influencers. Aura is also a powerful predictive analytics tool allowing total rewards decision makers to make more data informed decisions around how to compensate their people which is, to them, invaluable.
Kelsey: There is an existing frustration with current financial wellbeing programs. There's your traditional 401k benefit that really tries to provide good financial literacy resources, but struggles to innovate. And then secondly, there are hotline calls to certified financial planners, which are really built for folks that already have a certain baseline wealth. Those programs really struggle with adoption at the companies. And so they are eager to look to additional and new solutions such as Aura that can boost engagement and enrollment, of which our Fortune 100 partner has already told us we exceeded their prior partner's enrollment annual goal in one day, showing that Aura is immediately an out of the gate, able to adopt a new audience more effectively.
Jenny: Can you talk about the churn?
Kelsey: We actually originally went to market as a direct to consumer company. In 2023 our churn from a consumer perspective was 5.8%. I'm very proud to say that our churn this past year was 1.8 percent with our employer partners. Also driven by the fact that they're not paying, their employers are.
Kelsey: 1.3 million.
Kate: Is that?
Kelsey: That's correct.
Elizabeth: Can you say more in terms of perhaps a concrete example of what might someone may offer instead of something else because of the data that you provided.
Kelsey: Yes. If you think about Pinterest as this data set of consumer intent, you can think about Aura's data as a set of information on employee intent to save, spend and invest their paycheck. That analogy actually came directly from one of our partners. They have a severe problem with the dental hygienists at their company turning over. They have an over 60 percent annual turnover rate with them. But now with Aura, not only are those dental hygienists getting access to behavioral coaching and wealth management, the company can also understand that the dental hygienists in the suburbs of Chicago want to buy homes. So they can more effectively make decisions to allow those individuals to eventually buy homes and understand that the relationship between them and their employer, is inherently financial, and they're helping them achieve those goals directly.
Kate: Are you employing any individual wealth managers or coaches or anyone? Is there any kind of human to human or is it all really product-led feedback based on the data and what you're learning about the person?
Kelsey: So over the past year, our main initiative for the company, was to write ourselves out of the equation, because for the beginning we were working with real human coaches and informing our model. Now we do give folks still the opportunity to sign up for a coaching call if they need assistance. On the back end, we use that as an opportunity to further inform our product experience. But over the next year, as we continue investing in our technology, the ultimate goal is to write ourselves out entirely to no longer need to have those human to human coaching interventions.
Kelsey: So, we already do. We are a registered investment advisor.
Kelsey: Some of the products that we already offer include an HYSA, high yield savings account, and a managed investment account. We also have an IRA in beta. We also partner with a company called Atomic Invest. So while we are the registered investment advisor I'm not interested in investing in that technology. I'm interested in building a digital behavioral coach.
Kate: Have you noticed any trends in the underlying either demographic or psychographic of the employees that are really excited to use you or like the power users? Are they young? Are they middle aged? Tell us more about that.
Kelsey: Yeah. First generation Americans and college students, we're seeing a significant activation rate. These folks might not have had conversations about money in their households growing up. Or their parents might have come from countries where they distrusted their banking systems. They're working to build a healthier relationship and break the cycles in limiting beliefs that they have been surrounded by. I had originally thought we were going to attract the young 20s, but I think it's, it makes sense that our average age of our user is actually 33, because you need to feel the pain. And oftentimes folks in their early 20s might not feel the pain yet. And when I say pain, they may not feel the pain of having to provide for a household, buy a home, take care of a child or a parent. But when you reach the age of 33, maybe you've gotten married, maybe you've gotten divorced, maybe you've experienced a significant pay increase. And those folks are really activating well with our platform.
Elizabeth: What is the user experience when a person leaves his or her employer?
Kelsey: Yes. We're experimenting with a number of different ways in which to keep that individual actively engaged with us, whether it's giving them an opportunity to introduce us to their employer or also giving them an opportunity to pay directly, and also giving them meaningful time to make that choice and decision. In our contracts, we've also written in, if you sign up for the program in January and leave the company in February, the company still pays for you the entire year. Giving them the opportunity and us to win them over in the long term post leaving their employer.
Kelsey: That's a really good question. Um, you would, you would likely need to offboard or we could ACAT out your positions. I think as we learn more though, we're going to figure out, you know, that might not be the best solution.
Jenny: What percent of employees are you converting, and how has that changed over, say, a year?
Kelsey: Yeah. So across the 15 original partners we onboarded, we didn't onboard entirely company wide, we onboarded cohorts. And our average enrollment from workshop to signing up was 37%. That is extremely and astronomically high for what you would consider an EAP type solution, which on average is anywhere from two to 5%. With our Fortune 100 partner, we did 3% in one day. We're already tracking 5% by the end of next week.
Jenny: How do you think about kind of the cycles, like, there was tons of employee benefits, say, in 2020, 2021, 2022, and then all of a sudden, as people were getting, more austere, they were cutting a lot of those benefits.
Kelsey: Yeah. It's hard for me to say that I'm happy about the economic position that we're in, but I do see it as opportunity. We live in a time where inflation is highest, the individuals that are in the workforce feel like they can't live like their parents' generation, and financial wellbeing is the number one demanded employee benefit currently. It is not necessarily and always that the company is the top priority because not all financial wellbeing companies prove out ROI like us. So to me, I see significant opportunity to bridge the gap between employee demand and employer support of said demand. And I think that's why we're seeing such significant success in a time that people say, do you really want to be selling into benefits, even when benefits are scaling back? Absolutely. Especially if we can succeed in it.
Kelsey: So, we originally, when launching with our corporate partners, intentionally did not integrate with credit cards because we were concerned that our corporate partners would have an information security problem. But, fortunately, with the proliferation of companies like Mint, may they rest in peace umm
Kelsey: - companies are quite comfortable with that and familiar. So on our roadmap for Q2, we will be integrating plaid solutions that will allow us to further see really in depth spending. Right now it is user generated content. So we rely on that individual to provide us effective data.
Kelsey: So we originally started direct to consumer, and I'm very grateful that we did because our consumer and immediate community was a lot more forgiving than a corporate partner would be. And we, my business partner and I, we're prolific writers. I had a blog called Not Your Boyfriend's Investment Advice, and she had a blog called Nourishing Your Wealth and Wellbeing, Your Weekly Aura. And we had a few thousand subscribers. And it was going quite well. We saw pretty significant traction within the consumer landscape, although many told us to lean out of that world because it is really crowded and it's challenging and you will eventually have to become a marketing engine, in which my business partner and I actually didn't want to do. The CAC was going to eventually be too high for us. And so in 2023, we began experimenting in the corporate market landscape. If any of you are familiar selling into benefits, it is a very long sales cycle. It can take anywhere from 6 to 12 months, even longer. And so, we knew we couldn't go through the front door. We would have to go through a side door. And so, the way we broke into this space was we started selling into employee resource groups such as women's networks and tapping into their existing learning and development and wellness budgets and already pre paid expense. So, we didn't have to go to the head of HR saying, hey, will you approve this budget? We already had just to prove ourselves in that space.
Kelsey: That's how we brought on 15 paying corporate partners in six months time. And as we were growing logo soup, I began to see this as an opportunity to shift this from pitching workshops to pitching pilots. And a pilot gives you the opportunity to sell a long term enterprise deal. I pitched a Fortune 100 partner a pilot. They told me they weren't the pilot culture. The only way they'll know if it works is a company-wide rollout of a minimum of three years, in which I was ecstatic -
Kelsey: How the heck are we going to do this?
Kelsey: And what ended up happening was we realized we've done enough. We've proved this works. We no longer need to pitch pilots. Let's go for big deals. And two months later, after we won that deal, we won a deal, three times the size of that company. And we're, we're continuing on that moat ever since. The revenue we currently have is $830,000 in contracted revenue, of which we've already realized over $100,000 of it this year.
Kelsey: No. That is annual.
Kelsey: Very low.
Kelsey: I like to consider myself a succulent. I do more with less. Um, it is 40,000.
Jenny: Can you talk about the current raise and where that money and resources will go to?
Kelsey: I'm raising three million. I have just under two million in commitments. That capital includes funds that are coming back in to exceed their pro rata and new capital, including a fund associated with the largest employer in the world, which as you can imagine I'm very excited about for strategic reasons.
Kate: Have they priced it?
Kelsey: So, just going to be really honest. I went to market, not needing a lead. That was not my intention. I was looking to bring around the right stakeholders, and I priced it on a SAFE. All of those stakeholders have agreed to the price that I went to market with. I am in conversation with a number of funds, though, right now, to take the remaining million dollar allocation. And if they do come in, I would see them as a true and traditional lead.
Elizabeth: What is the SAFE cap?
Kelsey: 15 million post money.
Kelsey: Thank you.
Kelsey: Yes.
Kelsey: Thank you.
Kelsey: Thank you.
Kelsey: Thank you.
Elizabeth: What did you do after Goldman?
Kelsey: So I joined a program called On Deck, which is a founder's fellowship all about going from zero to one. That's where I met my business partner, Courtney. And we had such shared values in what we wanted to see in the world around economic mobility. And from there Aura it was born.
Kelsey: I spent six years at Goldman Sachs. I mainly worked with hedge fund managers, pension funds endowments. And I also worked on a program called Launch with GS, which was their billion dollar fund investing in diverse entrepreneurs and investment managers. While embedding myself in that ecosystem, I felt very compelled back to entrepreneurship, which is actually my roots. My parents are entrepreneurs. I went to school to study entrepreneurship. I worked at three different start ups in college, including starting a kale chip company called Kaleries.
Kelsey: But, um, when, uh - during college my family lost their home and I went from: you can take on the world and do anything to figure out how to crawl yourself out of an endless hole. And that was a real challenge for me.
Kelsey: And so, while at Goldman, I was trying to heal my own relationship with money. I found there's a lot of other people out there like me. And if that's going on at Goldman Sachs, I couldn't imagine what was going on in the broader ecosystem. And so, I'm really here to build the digital Amy, because I think everyone should have that person in their pocket.
Kelsey: Thank you all so much.
Kelsey: Do I leave?
Kelsey: Thank you so much. I'm really glad I came to Miami. It was so fun.
Kate: How do I even do that?
Jenny: What's the price on that?
