Matt: Hey everyone
Matt: I'm Matt.
Matt: Charles
Matt: Oh, sorry
Matt: It's hard to reach around.
Matt: Great. Well, I'm Matt Truebe. And, I'm starting Above Health. I'm a former CTO of a few nationally recognized health companies. I'd love to take you through the story on why I started Above Health. So last December, my daughter and I are at home. she’s 5 I had just picked her up from school and I gave her a half teaspoon of yogurt, and she's in the living room playing. She's got food allergies. So as a side project, I had built an app for my family to help us monitor her symptoms and do a bunch of other things, and I get an alert on my phone that she's showing signs of elevated heart rate. So I go in to the living room and ask her a few questions and she's saying, yeah, she's fine. You know, she's doing okay. So I'm like, okay. Okay. And about 15 minutes later, I got a critical alert on my phone and it's saying that she's showing signs of anaphylaxis. we had built an AI coughing detection. It triggered. Her HRV spiked and a bunch of other biometrics went south.
Matt: So, she did. And the biometrics there are hit or miss. Heart rate is pretty good, but they don't really give you, heart rate variability, which is a key sign in anaphylaxis. So we got kind of lucky that during that time it actually had triggered heart rate variability for her. but we have an open mic. And that's how we're collecting audio to de tect coughing and things like that. One thing we're doing, because I can't find a clinical grade wearable on the market, is we built our own.
Matt: I'm not showing that today. We've just got our first prototype. It's coming actually today to my home.
Matt: It's a bracelet.
Matt: Uh, so what I'm looking to do, the first version is validating a bunch of stuff. V, V2, 2 or 3 will have, there's actually a new form factor You can print the electronic components on actually a liquid thing. Imagine it's just like forms on your arm and that way you can get high grade data because like an Apple watch you go like this-
Matt: It's just not good enough.
Matt: So we're talking with a company that's invented this new material. and that would be, uh, the future iteration.
Matt: And do you see on there, on the home screen something that says personalized labs?
Matt: If you click that, that is a custom lab panel specific to my daughter. To her exact
Matt: Her exact allergens, her exact triggers and potential triggers. It's not a wide panel. So a lot of other companies they're offering panels and half the stuff is not worth it. Right?
Matt: Um so what we're doing is we're trying to offer precision health through labs, through questionnaires, through device data to really change someone's outcome for the better.
Matt: Yes.
Matt: Yeah. I mean, you know-
Matt: So. Yeah. So I mean, that would be long term. I've been at companies that have, you know, started in a single service sector and then scaled over time. But I think you really gotta perfect the allergy and asthma. The market's pretty big. I mean.
Matt: Yeah. 25 million, people have asthma. 25 billion, dollars spent on asthma every year. food allergies and asthma are comorbid. So, one other thing that we have, this one is production ready. We have people using it we're ready to go into mass manufacturing. It's a smart.
Matt: It is
Matt: So it's a smart inhaler. What's unique about it and what's patent pending is it's got GPS on device.
Matt: So what we do with that is, the kid’s at school, and they use their inhaler. We capture GPS, we store it on device. When they go home, it uploads it at night. And we get the time of day they used it. And we capture within a square km all the information about it. So we get pollen and air quality and even location, like this was industrial, this was near a freeway. Like, the data's really robust. So I think the time is ripe to use a lot of different data. And before it was really hard to build this stuff. One iteration of this cost a thousand dollars. Prototype, delivered to my home. So, I think AI has really helped propel a lot of things. And so what we've done is, Imagine you're using this at the park. And so one of my daughter's friends was usually your go-to would be doing a panel test of 50 allergens and 20% come back high. So what are you supposed to do? Avoid going anywhere? What we do is we look at, okay, Cottonwood was high that day. Now we're gonna offer you a precise lab for Cottonwood, And now you know what your trigger is, and your trigger shows up in the app. And I've already talked to the former president of the Allergy College American Association. He's on my advisory board. He loves it. He said this is game changing. I’ll pass these around.
Monique: Can you talk a little bit about the wraparound care platform?
Matt: Yeah. So getting devices into people's hands is challenging So the carrot, what we found is that people are looking for allergists. There's so, such high demand. There's only 4,000 in the country, allergists. 80% of the population doesn't have access on a health plan. So we've done some market testing, we've booked a bunch of visits. CAC is $10. so we're starting with the allergists, potentially as telehealth, as an entry point. So in the beginning, we're not official diagnosis. That is coming from a doctor either asynchronously or through a telehealth call, that way it enables us to not have to go through clinical trials by having a diagnosis. Now, the bracelet I mentioned. Something like anaphylaxis detection warning system. It's on the fence. Likely has to go through some sort of FDA approval. I'll just be pretty open there, but this does not.
Monique: How much is the telehealth visit?
Matt: So for insurance it's your copay coinsurance.
Matt: Yeah. The doctors are licensed, so we're starting in California. The doctors are licensed in California, Washington, Illinois. The ones we've signed at least. We have a few more in Texas and Arkansas we're talking to
Matt: These are allergists.
Matt: And we have an NP. So one of our goals is to use the platform we built plus the devices to actually unlock allergy across the country with nurse practitioners. For example, in Kern County, Bakersfield. They have 700,000 people without a single allergist.
Matt: So we're speaking with the county and the health system. We've got the COO of a major health system already on board. And what they wanna do is remote supervision. So we'd have an NP either through telehealth or if needed on site. And we would have an allergist, like the one in LA reviewing their notes and everything. So we'd be able to take that model and scale across the country.
Matt: Oh yeah. Yeah, so that's a good question. The first things we're working on are telehealth and labs. telehealth starts in October, and that's our core tenet. From there, our long-term goal is value-based care. Where you get paid a subscription effectively from the health system or the government for a, a caseload of patients. We're trying to fast track that. So I know Omada and a bunch of others took five years, et cetera, and eventually they were 90% value-based care. We're trying to get there in two. So to get there in two, we need some sort of proprietary device, something novel to then be awarded that contract. And so we're taking telehealth, plus labs, plus a device like the inhaler to start there. And yeah, the bracelet, I mean, iterations take a while. That's on a slow burn.
Matt: Yeah. That's gonna just take a while.
Matt: Uh, yeah.
Matt: CPT codes.
Matt: We just, just became first revenue. Like today. Yesterday, actually.
Matt: My wi- my wife, she's like a moderator on these allergy boards. She promoted a free sticker, like where you print at home, like, oh, you're allergic to X, Y, and Z and we got a ton of people signing up and booked all our visits up until the rest of the year. sorry. I know you said there's a lot, so I'm scared to show this. There is one more thing.
Matt: Yeah.
Matt: 10 bucks. How did you know?
Matt: 8. $8 maybe. Maybe like 15 at the door at CVS. So my dream is to take these small devices and distribute it, everyone, everywhere. Imagine like everyone had this like a pulse oximeter. Imagine you have a digital stethoscope that records clinical grade audio clips and can upload it to your doctor and even diagnose. So we've got an AI algorithm to diagnose asthma, bronchitis, pneumonia, and COPD, Same thing, to do the diagnosis, we have to go through all these trials that's why we have a wraparound service. We upload it to the doctors, the doctor provides the diagnosis. We work directly with the health plans like LA County, Kern County and more, or the, to then provide the end to end service.
Charles: Who else is working on this with you?
Matt: Ha. So we have a few allergists that we've brought on. We have some advisors and I have some contractors, in terms of full-time, like nonclinical?
Matt: It's just me. Our burn rate is $3,000 to $4,000 a month. I've been using some of my own money. We've taken a check that's been unspent from Hustle Fund. I’m making sure that we have a good go to market strategy. And that's through the telehealth and through the labs, which is why I'm starting there. But I believe that these devices are our moats long term, and create true clinical outcomes that no one else can match. That will then be the reason we scale.
Monique: Do you have any idea how much payers spend on asthma and allergies?
Matt: Yeah. the health system is 25 billion per year. For environmental allergies it's 40. For food allergies, it's growing. It's around 13 to $14,000 per person per year. And some of that's biologics. Biologics are super expensive. It's like $5,000 a shot. You do an injection and it kind of makes it go away. For the most part. Not exactly. It hurts. It's intramuscular. So there's a high interest in finding another path.
Matt: Yeah.
Matt: Sure. I'll try to do a super quick version.
Matt: I've been at four VC-backed companies. The first one was pre-revenue. We grew to 25 million. after that I was at Patient Pop. I was, uh, in charge of engineering. They brought me on midway, around 30 million of ARR. We got it up to, I forgot, 70 in a couple years. That sold and merged for a billion dollars. And the two after that, I was at Cerebral and Parsley Health.
Matt: The head of product engineering, data security. Yeah. One was VP, one was CTO, helped fundraise, talked to SoftBank, did the whole nine yards. , I think every company but one, raised progressive rounds while I was there, all the metrics improved. The one where I had the most fun was when I was pre-revenue. I mean,
Matt: And it was wild, you know
Matt: You say, it sounds like I have a lot, but what I'm doing is I'm market testing. Because I've learned from growing a business from 0 to 25 million. My first idea was actually a food scale. No one wants it. Even though I use it, no one wants it. And so the inhaler, people are using, they like it. They like finding their triggers. Now, are they gonna pay a subscription fee every single month? Probably not. But are the health plans interested in reducing cost in the system? Definitely what I'm trying to do is find a market wedge to revenue, but then long-term sustainability.
Matt: Yeah.
Matt: We have that.
Matt: Oh, no.
Matt: I'm sorry to hear that.
Matt: There isn’t
Matt: Oh no. Yeah.
Matt: Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm.
Matt: That's one of the things we're gonna market as a free CAC sort of thing.
Matt: Yep.
Matt: That's what
Charles: How much are you raising?
Matt: So we've raised like a SAFE note from Hustle Fund. I've spent probably around 50 to 60. And we're looking to raise a million dollars. Our funding that we’re looking for would be, I would say 95% focused on distribution, sales, not product development. We would hire go to market teams, people to get deals with payers and et cetera.
Matt: Okay. Conflicted?
Matt: Okay, no worries.
Monique: Where does the $1 million get you? What are the milestones that you're trying to reach with the 1 million?
Matt: So the main milestone would be distribution inside a major retailer And it would also be a completed and successful value-based care contract with a health system like Heritage Health Systems. That's in Kern County, where we could then scale to their other health systems and have line of sight into where those contracts would be, and deals negotiated and hopefully signed.
Matt: Which one? Which, Kern County?
Matt: Yes. LA, Kern County in pipeline, close to home.
Matt: Yeah, it was 10
Matt: 10 million.
