Anto: Hello guys. Meet my cofounder who will be walking in in a minute.
Anto: Alright, Hi guys. I'm Anto, CEO of Cosmic Brain AI. This is my, uh, robot co-founder can you actually wave your hands and greet the VCs for me?
Anto: I'll tell you how I actually got inspired in robotics, So I'm seven years old. My mom, she's a physics teacher. I opened her physics textbook and chapter by chapter, I fall in love with physics. From the age of seven, all the way to high school, I ended up building hundreds of robots. A robot dog that can actually guard our house, to a microwave generator that can generate electricity from ocean sea floors. From there I went to engineering school, for electrical engineering and computer science. I almost got kicked out of my dorm room for having a model robot in my room with a lot of equipment, from PCBs to, drillers to grinding irons and stuff, right. I ended up building a smart water bottle that can actually monitor vitals for an athlete, which I ended up selling to the military before graduating my undergrad. From there, I decided to go do my business school at Stanford. Which I dropped out to go work at NASA. I was part of building the largest LLMS in the world, and I still continued my passion for robotics because I believe this is gonna influence the next 50 years of America. So what we are building right now at Cosmic Brain is we are building the Cursor for robotics. This is the future of robot training. If you look at the robotics industry right now most of these companies have to spend millions of dollars, hundreds of expert engineers, and thousands of GPUs just to train their robots on a very specific function. What we are doing is we are making this as simple as possible. So if you're a high school student, developer, or a business owner, we are democratizing the process of robot training into the hands of the public by recording video of you doing different tasks, whether it be cooking, folding your laundry, the robot watches videos and teaches itself on what to do. And we can do all this with just a few clicks and that is what Cosmic Brain is about.
Anto: No, we are completely the software, the brain behind the robots. So we are robot agnostic
Anto: No. So we are Cursor for robotics. So just like, video format like MP4, MOV format, each robot have their own format system files. So with our software, you can convert that into any software that is adaptable to any brands, whether it be Tesla, Figure, KUKA, or any other off the shelf robotic thing that you're buying
Anto: Yeah. There is an application for like, in your house, trying to automate your laundry folding, or in your kitchen, putting the trash away, these kind of stuff. Right. But if you look into medium and small scale businesses out there, most of the factory owners have to ship the robotic arms or large machines back to the manufacturers. Wait for two months to get it retrained, reprogrammed to adapt to the new evolving industry, and get it back. This is a huge hurdle for a lot of industries out there. We are enabling that to happen on-prem by the engineers who are present there.
Monique: How often is it, does this retraining process typically happen?
Anto: Yeah, anytime you need a new skill set. So let's say you're an Amazon worker, right? You actually want to introduce a new kind of packaging.
Anto: You don't have to now ship the machine out to a different manufacturer. You can do that on prem within a couple of days rather than waiting for years to happen. We also have like a marketplace of skillset. So let's say you are a developer wanting to build a skillset for the robot and you want other people to use your product, right? Just like apps in an app store. You can actually sell it to people on our marketplace. So if you're a Chipotle owner who wants to automate your kitchens, and we have Chef Robotics VLA in our system, right? So you can just plug and play and the robot will learn how to do it.
Immad: What does VLA stand for?
Anto: Vision language action models. It's just like LLMs, it's video, plus language understanding, plus how that can be translated into actions. So just the robot waving the arm. So each and every torque, the motor movement, is fed into the software.
Anto: Yeah. So there are two parts to the platform, right? One is software as a service for the training itself, just like how you see Cursor or ChatGPT APIs or Grock APIs. So depending on usage, hours of operation training, we will charge you based on that. Then there is a marketplace where the VLAs can be sold as an API, so that every time the actual robot functions in that environment, for example, a kitchen, every time the robot actually dice a carrot or an onion, they're using our VLAs and that's money for us and money for the guy who made the VLAs as well.
Anto: The base price, can be like, a hundred dollars per month or per million tokens used per day. It can go up to like $200,000 for large enterprises. For let’s say for large clients, right? Like Amazon or Walmart. we have VLAs that's priced at $500,000 per annum. And based on number of hours of usage, number of robots, the pricing increases up to 2 million, $3 million per annum.
Rohit: How come manufacturers aren't doing this themselves?
Anto: It's very complex. So right now it takes a lot of money to do this. You need thousands of GPUs. You need expert robotics team behind the scenes. You need hardware on premise
Anto: Exactly
Anto: Yeah.
Anto: Yes, exactly.
Anto: Yeah. So that's what we are trying to make it happen. Right? So we are enabling, even if you're not a robotic engineer, you should be able to do that with just a few clicks. Before even thinking about spending millions of dollars into buying in specific hardware, you can collect data either through making people wear Meta RayBan glasses, or the data that we have collected over the years, and enter that into the system, and then train the robots or the VLAs that can be used for the hardware you purchase later on.
Rohit: How much video does it take to train a new skill?
Anto: So we do one-to-one transfer, so from a single episode to a single action. The more number of videos, the more autonomous the robots are.
Anto: Yeah
Immad: Why wouldn't they go to Amazon and say, hey, you know, give us some videos of like packages and we'll train the Figure robot.
Anto: Yeah. So that's an excellent question, right? So most of the, robots, they're trained like large, large foundation models, which require all these complexity. Second thing, it requires teleoperation to train these robots, right? Humans have to wear exoskeletons. You need hardware on premise. There's no way with that methodology, you're going to collect the entire data of the world. So this is the massive data scaling opportunity for us. without even deploying humanoids, or robots into the premise, we can collect egocentric human data and transfer that into robots. So we can deploy glasses across the world from Thailand to China to Middle East, or South America, and capture carpenters, plumbers, electricians, painters or warehouse workers doing their daily task and convert this data into actionable tokens.
Anto: Yes. So we have our small, foundation models, small VLAs that we used to train the models as well. and the beauty of that, it, it does not require a million dollars to do it, So we have the base functions like the actuator moments, the torque of the robots, the way in the, which the arms work, all this fed into our small foundation models.
Anto: Yes
Anto: Yes. So most of the industry is kind of conquered by Nvidia, so they have Jetson chips in it, which makes our task easy, most of the robots are already compatible with a lot of things that we do in the backend Yeah.
Immad: Is your model on the robot or is it in the cloud?
Anto: We can do it two, two ways. For large models. It can be on the cloud and it can also be on device. The beauty of small VLA’s is that it can be installed on-prem, on the robot itself, and that's one of the biggest bottlenecks with other industries who are building large foundation models. It can never be on-prem, so there's wifi connectivity issues and when building a lot of robots, they have to tackle that. So a huge amount of pain.
Cyan: Do you have any customers today?
Anto: So this is very early for us. So we are pre-revenue right now, but we have some, uh, signed POCs from agriculture, to, hospitality industries, to warehouses. And we are talking to big clients like Amazon, uh, Walmart and all that.
Cyan: What keeps you up at night?
Anto: Yeah, so this is a very, very exciting thing that I'm building and, I don't think anyone else have done this before at this, way that I'm doing it. So it requires, me, like coding almost like 10 hours, 17 hours a day, right? The scale at which it has to operate is massive, and I'm looking at how fast I can do it rather than waiting for two years, three years, like a research lab, which most of these companies are right now. We want to deploy this in the market very soon.
Anto: Yeah.
Anto: Yeah.
Anto: Yeah, so we are, our software is very horizontal in nature, right? So any brand, any robotic industry you are, you should be able to use our software. So when you look into the robotics industry. don't think about it as the next Apple iPhone or Google Pixel, right? It's just like the car industry. There's like hundreds of car brands out there and you'll see like, companies in China building robots, companies in Asia, building robots like in South America, in in US. So, uh, we are deciding the software that it can be supportive to any kind of hardware out there, even a 3D printer hardware you're building at home.
Anto: Exactly.
Anto: Yeah.
Anto: Yeah.
Monique: How long are those POCs? What's the trigger that turns them into full contracts and what do you think or anticipate a full average contract value might look like?
Anto: Yeah. So right now it's a massive data collection process for us. We are collecting data that's untapped, that no other industry in this world has, not even Figure, right? So we are going on-prem where actual work is happening and collecting that data and training models based on that. And that is the, work we are doing with our POCs right now. And eventually in the next couple of months, they will probably turn into full-time paying clients.
Anto: Yeah, we already have a functioning prototype. Yes.
Anto: Uh, uh, that's an interesting question. Maybe in the future
Immad: What do you want the toy to do?
Anto: So there is a mini robot that we actually, so like, one of the company, uh, built. Um, we can like probably, teach to write or sign your name or clean your desk or something like that. So at home I have like a cookie feeding robot, which is attached to my desk, and while I'm coding, it feeds me cookies.
Anto: Yeah
Anto: Yeah.
Immad: What's been like the most impressive thing you've seen a robot do using your technology?
Anto: Yeah, probably cleaned my desk. So-
Immad: Why was that impressive?
Anto: Definitely one aspect to it. But the fact that robots are able to teach itself just from watching videos, right, which is never possible before
Anto: And the robots are able to identify, which is a pencil, a pen, and a crumble of paper on the desk and sort it where it belongs. That was thought impossible three years back and now it is possible. So it's massive, massive technology that we are dealing with. So in, for me to see that in real life, that was like, breathtaking.
Charles: Who is responsible for thinking up all the use cases, do those come from you?
Anto: Yeah, so from this time that I started the company, three months ago, four months ago, we interviewed a lot of people, hundreds of manufacturers, professors at Stanford, Berkeley, we understood what the industry actually needs. What are these people trying to solve with robotics, with automation? And what is the lacking factor in the market. Then we got introduced to Agritech. Oh. There's a huge use case in farmlands. There's a huge use case in warehouses, even in homes. Right. So that's how we identified and solved it.
Cyan: How much have you raised to date?
Anto: So we have closed some SAFE checks. around 500K. And I got my two other teammates, who worked in Google with Larry and Sergey for the past 20 plus years, who have great experience with robotics and, scaling businesses across the world. So I have a great, phenomenal team. We created the product over the past three months, building every day, coding 10 hours a day. And now we have, in that pace, where this product right now, which we have in house, can be scaled like that. So that's what we needed before the fundraise, and now we are there.
Anto: Uh, we are looking to raise $5 million.
Immad: What's the valuation for the 5 million?
Anto: So, I'm letting you guys put a value on it. Most of the SAFEs that we have raised are uncapped. So we are letting the lead VC put a valuation on us right now.
Anto: Yeah, so we are looking at an annual revenue of 10 million, at least with the current, signed POCs that we have. and probably expansion of the team to, we are talking to a couple of like really, really good engineers that we need to hire, and the team, and also buy more robots and GPUs.
Charles: How many addressable robots are there for you right now?
Anto: So that's why we are robot agnostic, right?
Anto: So if you look at the world right now, or even the US, almost 60 to 70% of factories have some kind of automation in it.
Anto: Right?
Anto: So robots everywhere from your dishwasher to your robot arm in a pick and place warehouse to every, everything is robotics. So we are aiming those, right? We are not waiting for a humanoid to come out and make that flourish and waiting for them to manufacture. We are going with the legacy industry, legacy, manufacturing hubs and everything.
Monique: What do you think you need from your investors in the next stage of growth?
Anto: Yeah, we are looking for strategic investors who can actually introduce us to more industries, more manufacturers. Because, we believe that network is what makes the company scale faster than ever. And that's what we value more.
Immad: Which like, I'm trying to think like 10 years from now, which of the futures is like more realistic and maybe it is amalgamation of all the future, both of these.
Anto: Yeah, that, that's a good question. So, if you look at like, LLMs, right? A generalist model is good for a generalist purpose, or it can like, vaguely understand different niches.
Anto: Yeah.
Anto: So when it, especially when it comes to the physics, physics world, there's a lot of very precise, highly skilled data that you need to feed to it. So that's why it, it has to be very task specific. Skillset specific VLAs, rather than building a large model that can understand just generalist stuff, right? So if you want to replace a mechanic or a surgeon. Or a painter, right? These are all highly skilled labor, which needs a lot of learning for the robots to do. So the small VLA model is the way to go in this industry.
