Phil: How much are you raising and what terms?
Kevin: You guys have met our friend the erg over here?
Kevin: Well cool. My name is Kevin Allen, I’m the CEO of Row Vigor. And this is Moses, he is our Chief Technology Officer. So about three years ago, a good friend of mine I’ve known since I was 13 years old, 20 year fitness professional, came to me and he said - I think there’s an opportunity for rowing based fitness in our space. He said, he kept having customers that come to him asking for good rowing based fitness. So Kevin did some research — and he discovered that rowing is actually a very effective way to workout. It’s a low-impact exercise that works 85% of your muscle groups.
Kevin: I found out a lot of good things about rowing and rowing fitness in general that spelled opportunity for me. a lot of physical therapists recommend rowing, particularly when you have a knee or hip replacement. I found out that there wasn’t really a big national brand for rowing based fitness. So Kevin and his friend set out to see if they could be the ones, to start that first, rowing-based fitness brand. In August 2016 ROWViGOR was born. They set up a pop-up rowing studio in the D.C. area with the goal of getting 1000 people to join.
Kevin: We wanted to build a community around rowing based fitness. Seven months later we had our thousand people. We had been written up in The Washington Post, we were rated one of the top fitness experiences in the area Over time, they refined their business model, choosing to go after a much larger market than a brick-and-mortar gym: at-home fitness . Essentially, they want to bring rowing right to people’s homes through a bluetooth-enabled rowing machine. Kevin and Moses are valuing their company at 3 million dollars and are here today to raise the 500 thousand dollars they need to get their product off the ground.
Kevin: would you like to see one? We can show you one of our classes.
Moses: We made our app both for iPad as well as the iPhone. This is Moses, Kevin’s cofounder.
Moses: What we did with our brick and mortar, we looked at our most popular classes, and we basically took the data from that and we selected our top three classes from that. And so here's our fitness partner, Fola. Moses presses play on one of the classes available in the ROWVIGOR app. [music]
Moses: Either way. Either way. On the screen the instructor, Fola, is walking viewers through a popular rowing routine so they can follow along at home. It’s worth noting that, unlike a lot of the current fitness trends, ROWViGOR is going old school with these pre-recorded classes.
Kevin: No. In the beginning there will be archive classes. Could we go to a live class model? Absolutely. Could we go to a model where we set up cameras inside various studios and strike deals with different brick and mortar based companies? Absolutely. Right now we're hyper focused on an archive based solution on the training, on the goal setting. But these are all possibilities for us down the line.
Kevin: One of the things we see in the fitness market is that a lot of people are putting content out. Which Peloton is doing in an outstanding way. But they're not supporting their customers in a journey. I was talking to a woman the other day who has a Peloton bike and she said, I love it, I love the classes. But what I don't love is that there's no accountability. No one is telling me that I have to go to class. No one is asking about me if I don't join that class. ROWViGOR has found a way to unlock that accountability piece: by connecting each member with a personal trainer - the trainer will work with members to make sure they’re hitting their fitness goals.
Kevin: Somebody is there looking at your data saying, hey, Kevin, you've only been on the erg once this week. You have a goal in six months to be ready for your daughter's wedding. Why aren't you getting on the erg? So we make everybody give us a goal, we onboard them that way, and we continually refine those goals.
Charles: How specific does a goal have to be?
Kevin: We want to be north of 85% in terms of keeping people engaged. We think we can do better than that. We're looking at this in the 90 - 95% range just because of the elements that we talked about.
Kevin: But, you know, we also believe that in terms of goal setting, you can make it as specific as you want to make it. We would want the person, and the reason, we have a very specific process laid out that includes you setting a goal first, which may be very general, and then us following up and asking you a question or two. That's that personal training piece, and that's why that's so important. And the personal trainer does more than just help you set goals.
Kevin: First of all, we do teach the right rowing technique. On the app, all the time, is somebody showing you the proper rowing technique. Second of all, because we allowed basically Facetime for Row Vigor, you can actually plug in, show a trainer, this is how I'm rowing, and they can correct you real time through the application.
Daniel: How does that piece of the puzzle fit? What's that piece?
Kevin: So early on, we're going to replicate what has been successful for us to date, and that's filming existing classes, basically staged classes. So like you might see, going back to the old Jane Fonda workouts.
Kevin: They're great. They're great.
Kevin: I could see that. That's a little scary in my mind.
Kevin: You've done it a lot of times. My wife does our kettlebell workout every day. Like that's her thing.
Kevin: Filming existing workout staged. So not going into a class and filming a live class. Getting it staged. Running about $15 - 20,000 per production. We're working to get that cost down with our producer.
Phil: How many do you have in the can?
Kevin: We have three archived now.
Kevin: That's our own Row Vigor content. Kevin’s trying to sell investors on the fact that ROWViGOR is on its way to building a huge library of high production classes. But is high production really a selling point for people?
Daniel: When I think about media like that, I think a lot about substitutable media. is this content so much better than the free substitutes out there that folks would be willing to pay?
Kevin: Well, there's plenty of models out there where people are streaming content and getting paid for it.
Kevin: For the Vigor Box with the Concept 2 and a year's worth of subscription it's about $1400.
Kevin: It'll be $25 a month right now on average. We're looking at a tiered strategy where we're giving users access to content based on that pricing.
Kevin: $25 a month will include 30 minutes of personal training per month. And get you access to all of our content as it stands today. For every question, Kevin has an answer. But the investors aren’t showing their cards, and it’s hard to tell if they think the Vigor Box is the next it thing in fitness.
Daniel: Does the consumer want this bundle? Why am I going for your bundle?
Kevin: Convenience, mostly. Rowing is probably new to a lot of people in our consumer base, so they're saying I need a solution where somebody is going to support me in being successful at what I do. That's why we believe that people will come to us and want the whole bundle.It's not about just throwing content at you. It's aboutmaking you successful as a fitness person, as somebody who wants to have a healthy lifestyle.
Kevin: It's a convenience play, quite honestly.
Daniel: Is it a price play?
Kevin: Um.
Kevin: The personal training piece is certainly a price play. Because if you're going to get somebody personally, it could cost you $100, $150, $200 an hour or up. Because we're doing this virtually, we can offer it at a much reduced pricing point. So there is some value to that.
Kevin: We have an app-only model as well built into this. So you can buy the app, you can buy the bundle. You can buy this in whatever pieces that you want. So that changes things a bit, you don’t have to spend $1400 dollars with ROWViGOR, you could buy your rowing machine elsewhere, or if you’re one of those hardcore fitness people with your own personal erg, you can still use the ROWViGOR app a la cart, starting at $25 a month. But even with this kind of flexibility, it remains to be seen if it’ll be enough to get people to change their fitness routine.
Phil: Where are you with revenue? What stage are you at?
Kevin: We’re 30 days away from launch. So we’ve got the application together, we’ve got, we’re polishing now, we’ve started pre-sales last week, just putting out, saying we’re going to have a Vigor Box, here’s what it looks like. Would you rent it or would you buy it? So we’re also starting to get indications of interest from there. But we are pre-revenue with regard to the product. We’ve made some money...
Jillian: How much?
Kevin: Excuse me?
Jillian: How much have you made?
Kevin: We made $40,000 during our little experiment in the brick and mortar. But again, that was designed to be an experiment. I don’t really consider that revenue because it’s not based on the model that we have. So we are pre-revenue technically. But we’re ready to go. Kevin has made his case. Now it’s up to investors. Here’s Phil
Kevin: I hear you. And I appreciate that feedback. Even though Daniel sounds like he’s going to pass, Kevin’s still making his pitch.
Kevin: But I think that the thing I love about where we are now is that we’re really excited to get to market and look at the data, and this $500,000 allows us to get the traction that we need, we think, to ratchet up the valuation and put ourselves in a position to really succeed and win this category.
Kevin: would you all indulge me for just a moment while I kind of brainstorm out loud with you. One of the reasons why we see this raise as being so important is we’re looking for partnerships. We’re not looking for an investment, kind of a friends and families, hey I believe in you guys, it’s great and we’re going to go home and tell me how it works out. We’re looking for people who can sit in a room like this and have these discussions with us so that we can start to figure some of these things out. I wonder is there a model where we say we’re going to take 10, 15, $20,000 And if the metrics look like x, y, and z, we’ll double down and make an investment. Have you all done anything like that in the past? Kevin is not ready to take no for an answer. After getting four no’s, he’s coming back to investors and basically saying, what’s $15, $20K? Take a flyer on me.
Daniel: Which, by the way, I’ve been a founder, there are ways to game that anyway.
Moses: That’s great. Thank you all. [thanks all around] Kevin and Moses finally admit defeat. But while they didn’t get the funding they were looking for, they did get some solid encouragement from our investors — and the kind of let’s-stay-in-touch sentiment that might mean nothing… but could eventually turn into something . After the founders leave the room, the investors speak freely.
