Jane: Yeah. You can switch it up. We'll probably respond to either. We're used to it.
Jane: We gotta get used to it when we have such similar names.
Jane: Yeah. So I'm Jane.
Jenna: And I'm Jenna.
Jane: And we're the founders of Harper Wilde. And we built Harper Wilde to take the BS out of bra shopping. Or as we like to call it, ra hopping
Jane: I was this woman who loved shopping, I had nice shoes, and nice pants, jeans and purses, and to be totally honest with you I had a bra that I was wearing that was probably five years past its expiration date. And it just hit me. Why are all these other companies coming out with an easier way to buy a more fairly priced commodity, yet a woman's most basic commodity is still so hard to buy, and so expensive.
Jenna: I think at the time I had an underwire poking me in the side, the bra I was currently wearing. A little TMI, perhaps. But it really resonated with me. and really thought to myself, why is it that I'm not replacing my bras? And for me, I thought about the incumbents in the industry and where I could possibly go, one of whom owns 60% of the market and these new incumbents have not chipped away at that
Jenna: Yeah. We were trying to be polite.
Jenna: it's completely hypersexualized, so antiquated, um the embellishments, the you need a padded version, the uncomfortable experience that's not what's resonating with the modern empowered woman, and should not be the experience that young girls are also going to And that is why we created Harper Wilde.
Jane: I mean we went as far as to, with their permission, follow women home, and actually understand what the process of buying bras is like for them online or in-store, and what bras they have at home And so what we said is, How would it be best to find the right bra for you?
Jane: So we had this idea, okay, free home try-on we think should work. But do we really need to raise hundreds of thousands of dollars, buy thousands of bras, manufacture them ourselves, before we test it? Shouldn't we find a way to test it first? And so we bought 400 bras of existing brands, and we found a way to basically replicate the purchasing process and test it for zero dollars to us.
Jane: And we let them keep them for a week. And anything they didn't want to keep, they returned to us. And then we went and returned anything that wasn't bought.
Jenna: So we were able to see which of the five styles we offered they actually took home, which ones they kept, and really cut that data to see which features mattered.
Jenna: The simplicity is something that's very core to the brand. This whole taking the BS out of bra shopping. There's the whole theory on the paradox of choice, and when you have too many options you're actually less likely to purchase. So we invested in the fabric, we invested in the cups, we can show you the products.
