Tina: Hi, I’m Tina. Nice to meet you.
Michael: How are you?
Tina: So, thank you for having me. My name is Tina Hedges. I'm the founder of Loli Beauty. Loli stands for Living Organic Loving Ingredients My story begins in Jamaica, West Indies, which is where I was born. I remember an early memory of my mom when I was four years old, taking three leaves from three different trees, when I was bit by a bee, rubbing them together and putting them on my bee bite. And all of a sudden it went away. Flash forward. I grow up, I go into the beauty industry. I work for companies like L’oreal and Estee Lauder I was very proud of what I did. I built many big successful franchises for these companies.
Tina: During that time, I started going through some health crisis, and realized I was really young - I was in my mid-30s - and I went through early menopause. And I started thinking about it and trying to figure out why. And I started thinking about all the things that I had been putting on my skin and on my hair. And I went, I started just for myself going back to blending my own beauty products. And what I’m doing right now is I am stirring up beauty to make a conscious change. It’s equal parts ethical, effective and empowering. And I can tell you what Loli is all about, if you’d like.
Tina: Okay. So Loli, we are superfood organic approach to customizing your own personal skincare products or haircare products or body products. So what does that mean? We use food grade, which has not been done before in the beauty industry, organic ingredients. We blend them into bases and I call them your white t-shirts. They are maximized, they’re effective.
Nicole: What are they?
Tina: They're everything from face treatments - so oils for your face or hair, balms, salves, waters. So hydrosol, toners, every treatment for face, body and hair. And then we have a raw collection which you can add in to blend up and personalize as you wish. So it's very modular.
Tina: It’s exactly...
Tina: I say we are a food approach to customizing your own skin and hair body products. I really see us as a food company reinventing beauty. And I can tell you we’re making huge changes in the beauty industry. I actually have a box for each of you. So I’m happy to pass it out.
Tina: Right so let me... Let me explain. In your box you have something called a base. The base, we have different bases. That’s your white t-shirt, as I said. So your chia carrot brûlée or your plum elixir is a base. You can use that as you want. So the chia carrot brûlée is a moisturizer…
Nicole: Is it my own facial?
Tina: No. These are your skincare products. You do not... It’s not necessarily just for a treatment, like a ritual. It’s your every day treatment products.
Nicole: what's inside of it?
Tina: It's all edible. It's four oils. Edible. And if you see the graph on the label, we're the only beauty company to show you every ingredient and what level it's in in the product. It's 100% transparent.
Tina: I'm going to tell you exactly what you do. You could just use it directly on your skin. On your beard, it's a fabulous beard oil.
Tina: Do it right now.
Tina: It smells like marzipan.
Jillian: Is that the plum?
Tina: It is the plum. So it is... It doesn’t have to be it doesn’t have to be complicated.
Michael: talk to us about the business here.
Tina: Um, no. We’re actually accessible luxury. Our price points are for the bases between 38 and 78 dollars, So we price like a market price in terms of if you went to a gourmet food store and you were choosing between an olive oil and this one is virgin and cold pressed, you...
Nicole: Where does this replace that?
Tina: Right. So for example, our chia carrot brûlée, which is in your box which is a moisturizer for face, lips and body, is $68 for 2.6 ounces which is 1.6 ounces usually more than what you're getting for your Bobby Brown, which is usually about one ounce to 1.5 ounces. So it's a good amount of product.
Nicole: Is it more or cheaper?
Tina: It’s more product at $68. So you’re probably paying about $48 or between 38 and $48.
Tina: Same price, but it's higher quality ingredients. It's multipurpose.
Tina: It’s not only natural, it’s food grade
Michael: Are you only direct to consumer? What's your strategy?
Tina: We are vertical direct to consumer. We just launched a week and a half ago, so it's now live. I raised money, my first round, in March of 2017.
Tina: I raised a million.
Nicole: How much are you burning a month?
Tina: I’m burning... The burn is between 35 and 50 a month based on inventory, you know, the last couple of months have been heavy in our inventory load and startup costs. I’m raising right now 750 safe note, 7 million val cap
Michael: How much are you going to sell this year?
Tina: On a very low estimate, we think we can do half a million.
Michael: What does it take you, cost you to make that?
Tina: So my gross margins are over 90%.
Tina: Even less.
Tina: we’re doing everything ourselves. So because of my years in the industry, I am sourcing all the ingredients, we’re sourcing all our own packaging, we own all our own formulas. So we just use a manufacturer to actually produce the product, batch and fill, but other than that we own the entire process.
Tina: I know. And if I told you... Do you want to even be shocked?
Tina: Do you know how many pieces? I’m filling like 800 to 1000 pieces with those gross margins. That’s crazy.
Nicole: What do you.
Tina: So you can, if you want to add...
Tina: I... Just because we... I think smell is a very personal thing. And again, that’s the beauty of Loli, it’s very modular. So if you want to have a lavender or a ylang ylang or a jasmine.
Tina: We do not rarify our ingredients. So we don't process them to take away a smell, because that means we're heating them and extracting some of the nutrients.
Nicole: Is there one that’s closer to less scent?
Tina: We have elixirs that have more of a fruit scent versus a nut scent. But in natural products, I mean again, I take a food approach. I don’t want, I mean, that’s what the beauty industry does. They’ll take your argan oil and they’ll process it, take out any scent, and then throw in a fragrance.
Tina: None of that is good for you.
Tina: So I’m sure if I custom blended for you, I would find the perfect scent for you or Jillian.
Tina: three out of four women in the US are saying they prefer to buy natural beauty products because they’re better for them.
Tina: Well, the numbers are growing. I mean, two years ago when I started to put together the business plan and think about Loli and I started talking to a lot of investors, they were like, women think that they want natural organic or clean and green beauty, but at the end of the day they want their 90% less lines and wrinkles. I have a different opinion about that I don't remember what I looked like yesterday. I just know how I feel today. And if I put something on that makes me feel better today, I will continue to use it. And if I continue to use it, it doesn't matter what I put on. The other thing is 60% of US millennials are already buying food grade ingredients to blend their own beauty products at home, because they feel it's better for them.
Tina: everyone is jumping on to the clean and green bandwagon. Very few brands are addressing it with all of the things that we’re doing. So the personalization piece, which can be simplified, it can be as simple or complicated as you want. You can mix in a bowl and actually mix from scratch or mix up your own mask, or you could just drop a few drops of lavender into your plum elixir, shake, and then you never have to mix again. So it’s up to you how complicated you would like that personalization piece. Second of all, the marketplace keeps growing. By 2024, organic and natural skincare, worldwide, is upwards of they’re forecasting about $24 billion. Right now, in the US, it’s almost 4 billion. And I don’t think that’s going away.
Tina: So I think that that’s about marketing and creating a brand purpose, and then having that message be picked up. We’re already being written up by every single trend publication, beauty magazine, fashion magazine. We’re getting a lot of…
Tina: I will answer that the way one of our investors answered it to me, when he was thinking about his investment. It’s very complicated to do what I’m doing, all the elements. And it’s a perfect storm. It’s taken me, I didn’t just create this three months ago, it’s taken me two years to get where we are.
Tina: And my connections. And my ability to fast track. And also we have some secret sauce. To be fair, I'm not going to stand up here and tell you I have every answer figured out. Because I think when you have a startup, you learn, and you tweak and you're nimble and you're mobile.
