Stefan: Hello everyone. Stefan Loble.
Stefan: Nice to meet you guys.
Stefan: Ready, set, go.
Stefan: So, once upon a time, I took a job writing software in Hanoi, Vietnam, for... Wait a sec. I forgot something.
Stefan: It’s just a blazer really makes all the difference.
Stefan: Thank you.
Stefan: So, as I was saying I took this job writing software in Hanoi, Vietnam for $4 an hour. And it was a fantastic adventure. We lived in an alley that was just this wide, my wife and I. At the back of the alley there were pigs and there were chickens. You know, we spoke Vietnamese, the whole nine yards.
Stefan: No. But while I was there, I wore travel clothes. Because I would get caught in the rain on my motorbike once a week. Travel clothes were easy care. I could wear them again and again, they never wrinkled, and they’re very durable. When I moved back to New York to start a family, I couldn’t wear my travel clothes. There was no way I was going taking travel apparel and wearing it into the office.
Stefan: In 2012, I launched a single pair of pants on kickstarter, and in 35 days we sold over 2000 pairs. And we showed from that is that there were other guys that had the same lifestyle as me. biking to work, shoving my pants in the bag, wrestling with my kid in the ocean, all that kind of stuff And after that the travel community really picked us up. Since then, we’ve built an amazing following of passionate, so far men, who are leading extraordinary but normal lives.
Nicole: How does it work?
Stefan: What is the product?
Stefan: It is. So last year we had three products. We had two pairs of pants and a blazer. And we added this dress shirt and another pair of pants late in the year.
Stefan: They don’t wrinkle.
Michael: Can you come over here with your jacket?
Stefan: Right. Here’s what I want you guys to take a look at…
Michael: What’s so great about this?
Stefan: Yeah sure. So it’s $295 sold exclusively through Bluffworks.com right now.
Stefan: And what you really need to do is feel the jacket. Because that is 100% polyester.
Stefan: Here’s what we do. We take...
Stefan: We take technical fabrics, and we make them less technical looking, less technical feeling. Our customer wants a classic look and feel… He needs help with his wardrobe. He wants this guidance. He's sort of more of an everyday guy.
Stefan: These are our pants, these are also 100% polyester with mechanical stretch. This is our shirt, which is 98% poly and 2% span. This is a sweater when people feel this, they're like, what's this sweater made out of? It's 100% poly. So the challenge for us, we have some products that will be IP protectable. But many, what we do is it's just an aesthetic that says I want a shirt that's this soft that's going to perform.
Stefan: Should I start with revenue? Is that reasonable. So Charles, we don't have any revenue. We're pre-revenue. We got nothing. For everyone else, five years ago we went from 100,000 to 500... He's a pre-revenue guy.
Stefan: 100,000, 500,000, 1.1. We had a brand misstep a year and only grow to 1.3. Love to talk to you guys about that.
Jillian: What was the brand misstep?
Stefan: I hired a New York firm to polish our branding and take me into the world, and they took me out of the brand. And the power of what we do is the authenticity and my authority on travel.
Stefan: Because I’ve cultivated... Everyone who is like...
Stefan: And through Kickstarter, what I've cultivated with our customers, and the way that our new customers, they communicate with us in the same way that our Kickstarter customers do... So yeah, that was a mistake.
Stefan: And then last year we did 2.2 million net on just the three products I described. Two pairs of pants, the blazer.
Michael: What's the… about the gross margin of the business. What does it put out in percentage wise at the top there?
Stefan: Yeah. So right now we've made every product in New York except for this shirt. All of these products are moving offshore right now.
Jillian: When you say offshore, how offshore?
Stefan: So the cost of goods sold would be 25%. So we make that blazer, even in New York, for $77. Happens to be our best margin product. We move it offshore, we're going to get into the 60s, we sell it for $295. So by moving offshore, the margins will be productive
Michael: Explain to me.
Stefan: So the way we're acquiring customers today, when we do a paid customer we spend $49. Last year, we spent $49 to acquire a customer. This year, we're acquiring customers at $56 for an AOV at 233. You winced. Our margin leaves $109 to acquire customers and break even. That's the first thing. The second thing though is we have such a powerful base through travel, word of mouth in travel, people want to talk about it. So at that moment, they have a problem to solve. When they search on travel pants or best travel blazer, they're not looking for one piece. They're at this moment, they've booked a big trip typically, they are more time sensitive, they are less price sensitive.
Michael: Tell us how this becomes a big business.
Stefan: Okay. So first of all, we add products that meet existing demand that we know exists. The second thing is we continue to play in the travel space where we acquire customer and then we keep them back home. The third is, it’s competitive right? So how do we develop notable products? I have a very empathetic approach for our user. So I can think of problems that for example, we’re working on a short which is protectable, that has a fully waterproof pocket. Why can I not have a swim trunk or a short that has a fully waterproof pocket? It drives me crazy. So we have an array of notable products like that. When we put something on Kickstarter, some of which will launch...
Michael: are you an online only? Are you going to go to retail? Are you going to go direct? How are you going to get these travelers?
Jillian: What’s the marketing strategy? Are you doing social media?
Stefan: Okay. The plan to 50 million is for us acquiring customers online only and being through Bluffworks.com. There’s a point where a lot of digital companies end up adding their own retail store. And we’ve budgeted to add four stores in a couple of the out years. But we’re going to be majority ecommerce. We know, working with our advisors, that we’re going to spend 20% of our net on marketing.
Stefan: Direct to consumer. All direct to consumer The last part is, because we have the authenticity of the brand, I can move into other categories which are very popular. I know what’s popular based on data. Fitness, for example, is very, very popular. You see brands just try to reach for fitness. No one is doing fitness for travel. Exactly for our guy that says when you travel here’s the kit. We know that the travel market is big. We're data oriented so I know I can acquire customers. I can grow to even further in the data and we can leverage us being a lifestyle brand, and the efficiency of our acquisition to grow to be really at scale.
Charles: Can you speak to the same, can you speak to both of those people?
Stefan: You can.
Stefan: That’s great. You know, the reason I made that brand misstep is because I had a hard time figuring out between these two customers. Is it the 80 year old guy who literally sleeps in his pants overnight to prove to his wife they won’t wrinkle? Or is it the 24 year old backpacker? We can do that a couple of ways. First of all, we know that the brand appeals, has a wide base. The things that they have in common. But second, we can advertise, and we can speak to both of those customers, for example, also by the products we develop. So lightweight blazer. Lots of search instance on a lightweight blazer. This blazer’s lightweight. We’re making an even lighter one, reducing the pockets, to go after that search instance and data. So that could be more of the business traveler guy. We can speak to that.
Stefan: But I know how many other people do.
Stefan: We have raised money. So we raised $850,000.
Jillian: What’s your gut on this?
Charles: Which is if you don’t have a brand that can stand out in some way in the mind of the consumer, in crowded categories you just drown.
Stefan: It’s a good diversification play.
