Rahul: Hello.
Rahul: So hello everyone. I’m Rahul. So I’ll take you back a few years. 26 years old. I’ve spent my whole life working in what I call an engineering outfit. Blue shirt, baggy suit, white shirt once in a while. I worked all over the midwest. I used to work for Rolls Royce, Jet Engines And then I got a job for McKinsey. So I moved to New York City, and immediately it was very apparent that whether it was serving a client or going out trying to get a date, frankly, something just didn’t work.
Rahul: And so now fast forward four weeks into New York, I’ve got a date with this girl that I’ve had a massive crush on all through college years. And I’ve got to go and pick out an outfit So then I went, I tried to shop around, six hours in, I couldn’t find anything. Tried Trunk Club. They sold me good stuff. I remember, two shirts and a pair of pants and it cost me $500. Expensive. I wore it, I looked good, I admit. But, that’s ridiculous.
Rahul: But for men. But it’s complete. Men don’t like putting together outfits. That’s what people have missed We say, no, no. What have you got going on Charles? You’ve got to go to a work dinner? Tell me where it is. Oh, you know, it’s a nice four star restaurant here. Great. I’ll put together a nice blazer for you, with dark wash jeans, with a pair of nice boots, perhaps, or wing tip shoes. All of this shows up at your doorstep. Sunglasses, cologne, everything. And you’re wearing $1500 worth of stuff for $50 so it’s easy on the wallet too.
Rahul: If you take Rent the Runway and merge it with Trunk Club, you get this.
Rahul: $50 per outfit.
Rahul: So I’ll walk you through the plans we have $50 for a one off. One off is basically hey, you’ve got somewhere to go, here’s your box. Thanks very much. A lot of people come back. $80 if you want it twice a month. And the last one is 150 a month, which is like clockwork every week
Rahul: Yes.
Rahul: So it’s always two shirts, pair of pants, outerwear, shoes, belt, sunglasses, and/or a tie. And cologne and all that.
Rahul: We try to optimize for an outfit and a half
Charles: Can you show us?
Rahul: Yeah, absolutely. Please go ahead.
Charles: Do you want to hand us one? Do you want to show it? What’s easier?
Rahul: There you are.
Rahul: It’s everything
Rahul: Yes. So I wanted to put these shoes in specifically to show you.
Rahul: I put that in specifically for that reason.
Rahul: I wanted to show you the last turn.
Jillian: Tell us about your sales thus far
Rahul: Ah, yes. Sales. So we now have 35 running clients. I started it in December purely sort of promotional activities. Signed with 700 people within about three weeks, give or take. We did a couple of popups. And we signed and we started supplying to 35 people. umm
Jillian: What happened to the 700?
Rahul: That’s just our sort of active engaged user list. I can’t let in more right now without hiring more operations people. Because my product experience will fall.
Phil: Why is that holding you back?
Rahul: The first is the actual styling. So I want stylists to be building these boxes, not someone just randomly doing it So what I’ve built now is that stylists can assemble boxes remotely. They don’t need to be with the clothes Second component is the actual packing, the logistics of it I still need someone to actually package the boxes. Bringing everything into inventory and then checking it out of inventory, that needs to be immaculate. Right now, we don’t have things like barcode scanners so we’re all doing it manually. It works really well, but it takes time, and I need people to do that.
Phil: Can you explain the styling and the inventory?
Rahul: That’s absolutely my favorite question. So that’s the secret sauce here. What we’ve found is that four social events cover 80 to 90% of an average man’s calendar during a given week. Sunday brunch, Thursday happy hour, Friday formal date, Saturday casual date. That’s it. If I can solve for these four events for the sizes, which also by the way, living in a metropolitan city, if you look them up they cluster, the median is a 40R. If you can pick up your sizes at that median, and forget about the two tails, I can cover most of my inventory. And I’m seeing that now in my data.
Rahul: So the model does exactly that right now. When you join on, it spits out to me and says, let’s say, I’m assuming you’re a 42R?
Rahul: Okay. So if...
Rahul: Okay. 42 long. So you come on. It’ll tell me we have three 42 long blazers for him. We are okay for three weeks. It’s predictive buying. Then it tells me for the fourth week, if he sticks on, we need to buy something for him. And so I can now time the market. I can look out for sales. I can tell my buyers to say you’ve got three weeks. If he stays on, buy him something.
Michael: Have you raised money to date?
Rahul: Yeah. So we did. So we did a small round I’ve raised 100 grand from a strategic. And then $20,000 friends and family. Personally, I’ve put in about 20 grand with my partner.
Rahul: A convertible note, 100 grand would be great.
Rahul: M-hm.
Michael: Why so little?
Rahul: I think that’ll take me to the 2500 customers I need and then we can raise a round after that. uhh I think anything greater than that at his stage will be too dilutive…
Michael: What’s your convertible note terms? Tell me about it.
Rahul: A $1 million cap.
Rahul: I don’t want to give it a ridiculous valuation and... Look, I’ve done a lot of things in my professional life, I haven’t raised money.
Rahul: So 2500 clients, what we’ve averaged out, what we’ve seen so far is about $100 per client a month.
Rahul: My acquisition cost ranged between 20 and 40 dollars. We have not done any social media marketing. I haven’t spent a single penny because I don’t know enough about it, and I know enough about it to know it’s a money hole. So I haven’t put any money on it So things we have done is I’ve gone and done fireside chats at WeWorks in DC. I’ve had popup stores at Union Market, at you know the DC startup week, etc. That’s where I’ve gotten people to sign up for the list. Then off of that list, I’ve converted people by literally going down and seeing who’s opening our emails the most we’ll only email them. That’s how we got to the 35, because I knew they would sign on.
Rahul: Fair enough. Okay. So I want to grow with the 100 grand to 2500 customers at the end of the year.
Rahul: We’d be at $250,000. That’s a $3 million a year business at the end of the year. Right?
Michael: Would you have a net margin at that point?
Rahul: I’ll be breaking even at 2500 customers. Now after that, it’s on the upting
Rahul: Got it.
Rahul: Thank you. Appreciate it
Rahul: Sure.
Rahul: Let me say this. I see your hesitation. Maybe we could take this offline. Because I measure tack time on jet blades. One thing I’m sure about is operations. So maybe I can take this offline and walk you through it.
Rahul: Sure. No, I would love to take the chance. Appreciate it. Thank you.
Charles: Who hasn’t figured out anything.
