Andrea: We're the moonshot company you've been looking for. You either believe in is, or don't. You can get caught up in the details, or you can understand that we’re going to solve these problems.
Andrea: Alright. Let’s do this.
Andrea: A few years ago, I went to a shopping mall. Had money burning a hole in my pocket. I wanted to buy a trench coat from one of those fancy British brands. I walked in excited and I walked out with nothing. That day I went to dozens of stores at that mall, and I couldn’t give my money away. And retailers are in the business of taking money. And it turns out that I’m too short and too fat for luxury fashion. But I’m five feet tall, which means I’m petite, which is 50% of all American women. I’m also size 18, which means I’m 67% of all American women because I’m plus. I’m the average woman and I can’t buy clothing. But rather than start my own fashion brand I said, how are clothes made? How does this all work? What are sizes? And I turned to my partner who’s a mechanical software engineer and a 3D printing expert and said, why aren’t clothes made the way 3D printed objects are? And he said. I don't know, that’s probably how it should work. And that’s what we’re doing. I’m Andrea Madho, co-founder and CEO of Lab141. For premium direct to consumer fashion brands, we manufacture their clothing using our robotics, analytics and logistics in 72 hours made in America.
Andrea: So the future of advanced manufacturing is localized micro factory production. We’re raising $5 million in order to kit out our first facility, to make our first hires, and to fulfil the unmet needs of brands. Join us as we change everything.
Andrea: Thank you.
Michael: Tell me how you work with an individual. Is that what you're saying?
Andrea: So for a consumer, they’re buying their typical, from their brand So on the brand’s site buy now, only available limited quantities. So that’s what the consumer would see. They would click on that button and then they’re transferred to our website so we ask 20 questions the way a lot of brands do what are your favorite brands, what size do you normally wear, how would you like that adjusted, normally? How does it not meet your needs? We ask the questions, we get their purchase data. And then we drop ship. We actually manufacture and drop ship.
Andrea: Yes.
Andrea: Yes. So this is one way to capture anybody. And by anybody, this means if you’re tall, petite, plus. If you’re in a wheelchair. It’s actually just a little button on our algorithm that changes it
Andrea: About two weeks before a launch They would send us their fabric and their pattern they would be sending us their patterns, we would digitize it, we'd put it in our system and we would try it on five actual humans. We would make five samples. In extremes. So we have someone who's one of our fit models is four six and three quarters. We have someone who's quite large. Typical fashion is one fit model per brand. We want the extremes.
Phil: What part of it are you keeping though?
Andrea: They get, we only charge them for the manufacturing part of it So our cost to them would be about $150. If it was a $400 item, they get the difference.
Andrea: Yes
Sarah: Where are you doing the manufacturing now?
Andrea: So we are a pre-revenue startup. And we've been bootstrapped, my partner and I. So part of it's been in Park Slope Brooklyn.
Andrea: Grand... World headquarters is bedroom number two.
Andrea: We also have a small manufacturing facility in Syracuse, New York.
