Kate: I'm Kate.
Kate: Nice to meet you.
Kate: Nice to meet you. All right. Okay. So my name’s Kate Flynn. I’m the cofounder and CEO of Sun & Swell Foods. Did you know that three out of four women in the US have an unhealthy relationship with food? I was one of those women for most of my adult life. About three years ago, things changed for me when I stopped obsessing over numbers, like calories and the scale, and I started focusing on the foods I was putting in my body and how they made me feel. Staying away from things like added sugars, added preservatives, or things that don’t necessarily make your body feel great. And I would go into stores looking for grab and go snacks that I could eat throughout the day. I’d flip over the healthy snacks, and they would all have ingredient lists like 40 ingredients long with ingredients I didn’t know how to pronounce or I was trying to avoid. So I launched Sun & Swell Foods with a mission of making simple whole food eating more accessible to people living a really busy on the go lifestyle. So I’m here today raising $600,000 so I can make this world a healthier place one bite at a time.
Kate: So I’ll hand out some snacks.
Kate: I have little packs for each of you.
Kate: Yeah thanks.
Sheel: What do these retail for?
Kate: $3.
Kate: Yeah, so our COGS are 90 cents and our average selling price is umm $1.60. So we have about 45% margin right now.
Kate: So we launched with this line, it's our snack bites. They're all date and cashew based. We hit the market in 2017. Since then we also have launched some cookies and we have a trail mix and a cracker.
Al: Is it like an, I mean is your target space, is it like energy bars? Is that your competition?
Kate: Yeah so it's… we don't like the word energy because we don't add anything to it.
Kate: But so but our overall vision is to serve all the snacking occasions. So I talked about a few of those other products that we launched, which are mainly, like, the crackers. But that's a product targeted towards literally the clean consumer who would never eat a Cheez-It. Or who would never eat a Wheat Thin. And so it's like, they don't have any options there.
Charles: Tell me more about what your ultimate vision is and what does it take to build and scale a company in this category from scratch.
Kate: So I think… So two years there was no bite or ball category.
Kate: Now there is. So we're excited to be part of this fast growing category of bites and balls. But we know that's not completely defensible. So it all comes down to brand. So for us we try to communicate simplicity. Clean and simple brand. So our strategy has always been to sell our snacks in places where our core consumer is spending their day. So that's places like coffee shops, fitness studios, workspaces. We really target those trendier coffee shops where it's… the awareness and the visibility is really good for us. I mean, if you go into Barry’s Bootcamp, it’s our product sitting next to RX Bar, Epic Bar, Vital Proteins. Three of the biggest brands in this CPG food space.
Charles: Is there any direct to consumer?
Kate: Yeah so we do, we do sell, it has historically been about 20% online. So we totally know the importance of the channel and we cherish those relationships with that portion of our customer base. It just hasn't been our core growth strategy.
Nimi: Do you think you ever go for a traditional retail?
Kate: It’s definitely not in our strategy in the near term. But this year we've started going after the corporate offices. And umm that's going to be our main focus of growth over the next 12 months.
Kate: Totally.
Charles: Are there examples of that, or can you give me more insight on how you think the office channel helps you achieve your ultimate vision?
Kate: Yeah, totally. And I would say, not just office, but alternative channels in general. So a great current example of one is Oatly. Have you guys heard of Oatly?
Kate: Like, they're a coffee shop brand. And that's like 70% of their business. And after establishing the brand there, then they started to roll out into grocery. You know, RX Bar got their start in fitness studios and CrossFit. Personally, like I think one of the biggest barriers to people building a food business is it's really hard. So my cofounder is my husband, Brian. And Brian's background is in sales. He actually did sales and sales operations in the tech space. But we knocked on 400 doors. And everybody asks us how we did it. We're like, it's no secret sauce, it was just, umm just....
Kate: Knocking on doors. Which nobody wants to do. And obviously as we're looking towards our next scale of growth we can't build it one door at a time, and that's where, you know, the best thing about the corporate world is the snacks are free. And so it's like free trial.
Al: What would it take to convince you that ah.
Kate: Totally.
Al: Talk to me a little bit more just about why, I mean.
Kate: Why we chose that?
Kate: No, totally. So I go back to who our core consumer is. And when are they in that emergency pinch where they need something like this. And it’s when they’re on the go and they’re out and about and at they’re at the office or they’re at the coffee shop.
Kate: In Q4.
Nimi: What’s your aspiration for how big this company is?
Kate: So my vision is to have a brand that reinvents the world of packaged food. And I think it starts with like… I firmly believe 10 years from now, the grocery industry and the snack food industry is going to look so different because we’re just becoming more aware every day about how we can’t keep eating these heavily processed ingredients. If I look at the big success story over the past couple years was RX Bar who in five years go to 120 million. Something I feel really solid about is that in three years we could get to 10 to 15 million. And like my ultimate vision would be to have the brand you know well over 100 million dollar brand, and play across categories and whatnot. Umm but I feel like that’s super achievable for us.
Kate: It’s resource constraint. I would love to build our brand more in DTC. But I just don't have the, I don’t have the strategy behind it right now. Or the expertise ...
Al: Does it hurt the strategy if you show up in Costco tomorrow?
Kate: Yes. I think so. umm I think, well, the biggest way would hurt our strategy is I think we lose focus. So we start designing products around Costco and it would be a little bit pulling away from focus of what we’re...
Kate: ... trying to do.
