Founder Josh: Hey. Josh.
Founder Josh: Josh.
Founder Josh: Before you judge me for smoking this, know that this is our way of fighting with fire. Fire in this case being nicotine addiction. I’m Josh Israel, I’m the cofounder and CEO of Hava. At Hava, we’re solving nicotine addiction through technology. We’re building a connected Vape pen that pairs with a smartphone application to automatically and gradually ween people off nicotine addiction through minimal effort on their part. We do this with a patent pending design that allows us to burn nicotine oil while inversely burning clean oil, thereby giving our users and patients a consistent smoke experience as we automatically regress their nicotine intake. The idea here is just smoke our device, however and whenever you want, and we’ll handle the entire cessation process for you, reducing withdrawal symptoms and relapse rates.
Al: What a strong intro.
Charles: Can you give me a sense for the range of smoking intensities where you think your product can make a difference?
Founder Josh: So every smoker is different. So we have to be able to account for someone who smokes two packs of cigarettes a day, or someone who smokes six cigarettes a day, for example. And so we do, when we onboard you onto our product, on our mobile app, we ask you the type of smoker that you are. Of course, you can lie. You probably don’t want to say that you’re a horrible smoker. So what we do for a week is actually what we call a control week. So we truly understand your habits by you just smoking our device. If you’re smoking 100 or 200 times a day we’re going to know that you’re not a light smoker like you said.
Founder Josh: Right. And so from there we kind of set our baseline nicotine and regress you from there. So if you’re a heavy smoker, it might take you six to eight months. If you’re a medium smoker, it might take you four to six, for example.
Founder Josh: I would say we want to disrupt those products. .. So those products are very unsuccessful. Like if you look at the success rates for the patch or the gum, it's 5 to 15%. People try seven to eight times with those products on average to quit. They don't work. So we're looking to deliver a product that's actually going to help people truly quit.
Founder Josh: So it's both. So compliance is a big problem for them because they actually jump people, if you look at the packs, they jump you from 24mg to 14mg. And that big range, people have a lot of withdrawal symptoms, right.
Founder Josh: And then on top of that, they're not delivering nicotine as rapidly as a combustible cigarette does. Moreover, they're not giving you the smoke inhalation, the oral fixation, everything that you get out of the social smoking aspect. So we're trying to deliver a parallel experience and gradually reduce you. So we can take you, let's say, from 24 to 23.9 where you're not going to get those withdrawal symptoms.
Sheel: Is this something that once the switch is made from a nicotine oil to a non-nicotine oil, do people continue to smoke it?
Founder Josh: Yeah, so that’s what we’re calling our post-addiction plan. Addiction is not like a common cold. It doesn’t go away. You don’t cure it. It’s a lifelong struggle for people. Right? So if we abandon them at the time of cessation, we would be doing them a disservice. So we’re calling our post-addiction plan is essentially clean oils or a placebo effect. So if they’re at a party, maybe they’re drinking, they can continue to use our device to curb that nicotine urge they may have. And just use it as time goes on, but potentially maybe they will eventually throw our product away. Furthermore, as we raise capital, we do want to look at spending some money in R&D to potentially introduce maybe nootropics or alternative oils. So we can kind of take people on this beautiful journey from an unhealthy lifestyle to actually helping them live better day to day life.
Charles: What is the cost to the customer and cessation regimen? Is it always paid for by the customer? Is there an insurance angle?
Founder Josh: Yeah, we want to be able to price it so that you can buy it over the counter at like CVS or Walgreens. Very similar to the gums and the patches. Looking to price our device for around $59 or $69. And then a monthly subscription for around $30 to $40, which includes the replacement pods. So the cost to consumer shouldn't be that high. Insurance shouldn't be necessary.
Founder Josh: On average, about 12 months. So we should get around $375 per customer, and the cost to us is around $85 to $125.
Founder Josh: No, just for what they're going to...
Founder Josh: Yeah, exactly.
Founder Josh: Yeah, direct to consumer, online, and over the counter.
Sheel: What's the closest comparison?
Founder Josh: Yeah, nothing that we've seen that's exactly like what we're trying to do. There's one company based in France, but they obviously can't sell here, and they've kind of missed the boat on where e-cigarette design is going. It's a very large modded vape uhh, we've purchased their product. It's just not working at the moment. So...
Charles: Can you tell me more about like in your conversations with the FDA, given all the issues around JUUL and other pod… What's the current thinking around relationships with regulators and sort of what best practices are?
Founder Josh: Yeah, I think the regulatory winds are actually at our back. So the agency has held public hearings on how to sort of stop this epidemic of vaping, especially in the teenage demographic. So we've actually spoken with them about a prescription pathway for our product, under 18, go to the doctor get it prescribed for your teenager. In regards to like JUUL and all those products, they're addiction alternatives. And they're not really truly helping people quit. They're nicotine addiction. And we're not going down the path that they're going down. That's tobacco. That's nothing to do with us. We're going down a regulatory pathway that has to deal with drugs and medical devices. So I think the agency sees our product, hopefully, in a positive light and what the technology should have been instead of what it is today.
Founder Josh: Sure. So our pre-clinical studies we’re anticipating taking six to eight months. Post that, we submit what’s called an IND to the FDA investigation of a new drug.
Founder Josh: They have like 3 to 5 year exclusivity if we were to get approval, and things of that nature.
Founder Josh: Yeah, we’ve already estimated costs for our phase one trial. It’s $500,000 to run that trial. From a CRO we’ll probably in the next six to eight months after we’ve done our pre-clinical studies raise a seed round of around $4 million. That will take us through our phase one. And then post that, probably look at one more raise. Depends on the cost of the trial and how many patients we’re gonna do. But anywhere from probably another 5 to $10 million to raise.
Sheel: Did you consider launching in another country where you have easier regulatory system?
Founder Josh: So yeah, we’ve looked at, we’ve looked at other countries. Every different country has its own regulatory body and it’s quite complicated. And for us being here, being on the ground, we felt that once we get through the FDA, it’s kind of the biggest stamp of approval. And then from there we can leverage the data and science we’ve already created here and go into other countries.
Founder Josh: Good for you.
Founder Josh: Yeah. I mean I think there’s two, two sort of exit opportunities for us. One would be that, if we successfully complete a phase one trial, big pharma will come knocking, potentially, at that point. And they have a well-oiled machine to kind of take us through this whole process. If not, we’re not building for that. We’re building to bring this to market, so that’s not even in our mindset. The second route is that we bring this to market, and look at how much value we create from there. And I’m sure you’ve seen that biotech companies go public prior to...
Founder Josh: Yeah. Going to market. So if we’re on a good trajectory and we believe the regulatory winds are at our back, that’s a potential option as well.
Founder Josh: Good for you.
Charles: Can you tell, are there any restrictions or prohibitions or challenges with marketing this project, this product digitally?
Founder Josh: Aside from the regulatory aspect? No. Once we get past the regulatory aspect, we can make pretty powerful marketing claims. You know, saying that our product is eight times more likely to help you quit over the current leading nicotine replacement therapies. So once we get through there, we can pretty much say anything we want that current vapes or e-cigarettes are just not allowed to say.
Founder Josh: Lucy.
Founder Josh: Thank you.
