Investor question: So who are we meeting?
Panel Investor: Pitch 4
There’s loads of money to be made renting unused space. Airbnb, Vrbo PeerSpace they all take excess capacity, and make it available to anyone with a wallet.
But what if I told you, there's another opportunity hidden in plain sight – nearly a trillion dollars in valuable real-estate that sits empty 70% of the time.
That underutilized asset, local churches.
Today’s founder, Emmanuel Brown, is building the airbnb for churches. Now Emmanuel doesn’t want to play God, he just wants to help churches pay the bills. After all, he grew up as a pastor's kid. Or PK for those in the biz. He saw exactly how hard running a church can be.
Can I get a founder market fit anyone? [air horns]
Can Emmanuel go from the pulpit to the pitch room and convert our investors, or will they say, hell no. Leaving him in fundraising purgatory?
Let’s meet the investors!
Jillian Manus with Structure Capital
Emmanuel: Emmanuel Brown and Church Space.
Investor question: Is it like Peer Space?
Emmanuel: Similar. Yes.
Emmanuel: Yes.
Emmanuel: I'm familiar.
Emmanuel: Thank you. Well, as you know, I'm Emmanuel Brown, the co-founder of Church Space, and we're the Airbnb for churches. I grew up as a pastor's kid which, as you can imagine, was really challenging. I mean, let's be honest, who really wants to memorize bible verses every night before bed or get shipped off to bible camp every single summer? But in all seriousness, being a pastor's kid was challenging because I witnessed the burden that church real estate became to my parents who represent one in three church leaders who leave the ministry due to the stress of financial responsibility. And with nearly a trillion dollars that's tied up into church real estate equity in America, the average church is empty 70% of the week. There's nearly half a million of them in this country and church real estate is the largest untapped and most unexpected commercial real estate supply source in this country. And that's exactly why we built Church Space, a two-sided marketplace that helps churches turn their underutilized real estate into on-demand space for locals. Over the last 18 months we've experimented a ton, and we've learned that churches are great supply sources for all types of events. But where we really found our secret sauce was by helping churches turn their underutilized commercial grade kitchens -
Emmanuel: - into on-demand space for food entrepreneurs. Now food entrepreneurs can find ways to cost effectively use space in their community, while helping churches to earn $60,000 per year of new revenue that they otherwise would have never seen. Now, this is a massive opportunity, and we have nearly 8000 customers that have signed up to our platform, and we just released the latest version in Houston, Texas in November. And now we are wrapping up our 1.2 million dollar round to scale to three new markets this year; that's Dallas, Austin and Atlanta. And to hire the rock star team to help fuel that growth.
Investor question: How much of that do you have committed so far?
Panel Investor: You said to round off the 1.2. How much of that do you have committed so far?
Emmanuel: Sixty. Sixty percent of it.
Investor question: And what are the terms for that?
Panel Investor: Oh. Okay. And what are the terms for that?
Emmanuel: It's 8 million post.
Investor question: So you mentioned that you had 8000 sign ups?
Emmanuel: Correct.
Panel Investor: These are users?
Emmanuel: Yeah.
Investor question: For how many churches?
Emmanuel: Yeah, so we have about 350 churches that have signed up to the platform.
Emmanuel: But we recently closed a large denominational partnership to add 1200 churches to the platform this year. So that's - one of our go to market strategies is by working with what is called denominations. These are large umbrella church networks that house dozens, hundreds or thousands of churches under one denomination.
Investor question: So is that similar to a mega church?
Emmanuel: No, it's not. So a mega church is a large individual church.
Emmanuel: A denomination essentially is a faith organization -
Emmanuel: A franchise.
Emmanuel: Correct.
Emmanuel: Exactly.
Investor question: So which religions encompass this?
Panel Investor: So which religions encompass this? Christian, Catholic?
Emmanuel: Yeah. So right now we're focusing on Christianity, specifically.
Emmanuel: There's about half a million in this country. We're laser focused on that vertical because that's what we know best.
Emmanuel: I mean, faith ecosystems are completely relational, right. So our network connecting with them, establishing that trust, that's how we win, as pastor's kid. My cofounder's also a pastor's kid, as well.
Emmanuel: Yes.
Investor question: But what are the other demographics of who would use this?
Panel Investor: Yes. Absolutely, from the church perspective. But what are the other demographics of who would use this? A food entrepreneur, but I'm assuming that's a small thing. So who else?
Emmanuel: Yeah. So there's almost about half a million food entrepreneurs -
Emmanuel: - in this country, but we've helped churches share their space for weddings, funeral - I mean, the funeral industry is recession-proof. Right? Like that's never going to stop.
Emmanuel: We've seen corporate conferences, local community gatherings.
Panel Investor: Local conferences?
Emmanuel: Yeah. I mean, churches have these large auditoriums that -
Emmanuel: Yeah, and stages. The secret sauce is they come with built-in audio-visual capabilities as well. So it's very turnkey in that sense. We've helped churches share their parking lots. So this is really a large opportunity when we start to think about all the different space types that exist under one facility. And we really believe in local utility, How can we dream with assets that already exist in our community? And we're leaning heavily into that community-led growth. So one of the fixed advantages that we have is the churches we work with have a membership size of about 50 to 250 people in the church who can become brand evangelists - no pun intended.
Emmanuel: And carry on that mission that is not only beneficial for the church but for the community that they're a part of.
Investor question: So how do you deal with insurance, what does the church policies cover, what do you cover?
Emmanuel: So I'll zoom out to talk about why this is the best time to build this business. So there was a huge mindset shift during the pandemic for churches across the world, but specifically here in America, because they could not use their buildings.
Emmanuel: So it was a cash drain for about two years where pastors started to think about how do we utilize this space in a way that serves the core purpose of why we exist in the community, and can also help to offset some of the cost. Churches are now really leaning into this idea of sharing their buildings in more progressive ways, which we're really excited about. But some of the limitations are no different than how a PeerSpace host or Airbnb host may set their home - their house rules. No smoking inside, some churches on our platform do permit alcohol, some don't. In terms of insurance policies that churches have, it covers basically any event use because churches have people coming to their space all the time for events. We took a page out of PeerSpace's book and we partner with Thimble as well.
Emmanuel: For insurance of the users.
Emmanuel: So we have kind of a 360 insurance coverage plan there. Users opt in to Thimble on that end and churches have their policy that covers them on their end as well.
Emmanuel: Yeah.
Investor question: How do you make money?
Emmanuel: No, it's fine. At the moment, it's a simple take rate of 20%. We learned that that's a little bit low. Churches - churches are actually willing to allow for our take rate to be 25%, which is a little bit higher than the market standard.
Emmanuel: But we're also experimenting with a new business model with the food entrepreneurs that we've learned based on data that we collect, which is a subscription model. Allowing food entrepreneurs to use it like a hot desk. So where you use a kitchen in North Houston today or this week, and next week they'll use another in-network kitchen in South Houston. They can go to Austin for south-by-southwest and be connected to the Church Space kitchen network in that sense.
Emmanuel: Correct.
Emmanuel: Yep.
Investor question: What's the average value of one of these transactions?
Emmanuel: Yeah. So there are two different types of transactions: there are recurring transactions that happen on our platform, and that ranges really anywhere between 2500 to 3000 a month. That can be a brand new smaller church who's renting space from an established church that's renting on a recurring basis, and then for one-time users the average order transaction is between 150 to 200 dollars per hour.
Emmanuel: Yep.
Emmanuel: If there's 8 million customers, I would not be here today!
Investor question: What have you made so far?
Panel Investor: 8 million post. What have you made so far?
Emmanuel: Yeah. So in 2023, we just closed with 150k of gross revenue.
Investor question: And what's your burn?
Emmanuel: 30,000 a month.
Investor question: And how many team members?
Emmanuel: We have an amazing team of seven folks. We actually just hired two new people last week. My cofounder, her background is in PR and marketing, branding, which is essential for a marketplace. She owned and operated a PR firm. Her and I actually have a small exit together from a project that we worked on prior to Church Space called Church Space TV, which in the beginning of the pandemic, we pivoted Church Space to become a streaming platform -
Emmanuel: - and then we sold that to a small production company in Houston, Texas.
Emmanuel: And myself, my background is in startups. For about the last eight years, I've worked in a biz, dev and ops capacity at various startups, and the last startup I worked with was acquired in 2019.
Investor question: Which one?
Emmanuel: It's called Black Lapel. It was a menswear -
Investor question: What's your runway?
Panel Investor: You mentioned you have 30k burn. What's your runway?
Emmanuel: About eight months, right now. So we have about 250k in the bank.
Investor question: What's the exit for this?
Emmanuel: So there's a lot of white space in this category, with church real estate, and we know that we can own it. One potential exit strategy, honestly, I know Peer Space has a few churches on their platform.
Emmanuel: But they're really focused on creative usage of space and we think an acquisition from them, could be a great exit strategy for us, to add another element of supply to their platform. Also there are faith-based PE funds that are really interested in what we're building and we think that could be a potential exit strategy for us down the road.
Investor question: How you make this a billion dollar business?
Panel Investor: Interesting business model, really smart. Marketplace makes tons of sense. How you make this a billion dollar business?
Emmanuel: Yeah. There's a ton of cross-pollination that's gonna happen between churches and food and events, and we believe that we can not only disrupt the ghost kitchen industry, but the small events market, and make churches the physical home for all community flourishing, where people work, eat, play out of their local church. That's how we become a billion dollar business. We also need to have about 500 churches or more on the platform who are active and all hitting that 60k or more threshold. That's to get to a point where we feel like we can be acquired. To get to the billion dollar status, we need 35,000 churches on the platform.
Emmanuel: I said about half a million.
Investor question: But what are the other top two or three other users that you see that use your platform for these churches?
Panel Investor: I think the better question is, so you identified these food entrepreneurs. But what are the other top two or three other users that you see that use your platform for these churches?
Emmanuel: Yep. What we call internally church-to-church rentals. So there are thousands of church planting networks, these are churches that are just starting out and they need a physical place to go, they have a congregation, they have membership; they don't have a building. That's one. It's also recurring revenue. Does very well for us.
Emmanuel: We don't have to spend much to any marketing on them.
Investor question: How many of those are there?
Emmanuel: There are about 5000 or more of them that exist in the United States.
Emmanuel: Beyond that, small events industry. Right, so weddings, funerals, birthday parties, baptisms, things like that.
Panel Investor: And if you were doing a pie chart, right, what percentage would be church-to-church, what percentage would be food, and what percentage would be the events?
[pause]
Emmanuel: I think church-to-church is going to be the largest percentage of that pie, just because there is so much natural connectivity and adjacency for a church to want to use another church to get their -
Emmanuel: - ministry started. But then we believe, after that, food entrepreneurship can be the next big category for us, and then events.
Emmanuel: So let me clarify. Statistically, there are more Gen Zs that have converted to Christianity than there have been millennials and the prior generation.
Emmanuel: So it's a little bit of a myth in America that faith is desecrating.
Emmanuel: Hockey stick growth. The Gen Z Christian community on TikTok is huge.
Emmanuel: It's huge.
Emmanuel: But let me tell you a story. So I was in Houston, Texas, visiting one of our host churches and I was hungry and was looking for a place to stop for lunch. I literally drove around the corner and found a food truck park.
Emmanuel: I stopped at that food truck park and I ordered some great Jamaican food, ox tail, rice and peas, it was amazing. But I spoke to all the food entrepreneurs.
Emmanuel: And by law, they need a commercial kitchen to be connected to, and I asked them, like, where do you guys connect, how do you find that? And they had no clue anywhere in the area that was close by, and this church was around the corner with a commercial kitchen. So talk about local utility and being able to unlock value for our customers in a real way.
Emmanuel: That industry has grown by 30% compound annual growth rate.
Emmanuel: Yeah. Yeah.
Emmanuel: Sure.
Emmanuel: Infallible.
Panel Investor: - on the PR front; this is good. But, how deep is the moat of the defensibility here?
Emmanuel: Sure. So the moat goes deep, and where it goes deep is we spent about the first 12 months of our business in heavy R&D, around churches as non-profits generating extra income. It can be a little bit of a gray area depending on -
Emmanuel: Tax wise. So we built in what we call our IRS safeguarding tool into the platform that helps churches to navigate those challenges. A lot of the times, churches are eager to earn the extra revenue. Beyond a certain point, there are real concerns about what do I do with all this extra cash we just made, and our platform helps to solve that issue for them. So, it helps to create a stickiness and brand loyalty; they don't want to go to another platform potentially to - to run that risk. But also, we spent a lot of time with non-profit lawyers figuring that issue out, so we feel like we have a head start in that regard, too.
Investor question: what you thinking?
Panel Investor: Beck, what you thinking?
Emmanuel: I love that.
Investor question: So why couldn't PeerSpace just do this themselves?
Emmanuel: I mentioned it earlier: faith communities are relational. You have to have - to scale in this industry -
Emmanuel: - you have to have trust, you have to have credibility, you have to have skin in the game.
Emmanuel: Maybe you can get a handful of churches on a one-off basis, but to get into denominations, and that's where the real money is -
Emmanuel: - you have to know people.
Investor question: Do they want to spend time doing that?
Emmanuel: Exactly.
Emmanuel: And I'm hard pressed to believe that there's anyone out there that's more passionate about this than I am.
Emmanuel: Yeah. So. So for two reasons. Growing up, my parents had to make some really challenging financial decisions around family life, church, building costs, and eventually they - for a season of their life, ended up stepping away from what their passion was, which was helping people. My cofounder, her and I connected around similar origin stories. After her mom acquired her church building in Houston, Texas, she was a pioneer in Houston, Texas, she was one of the first women church leaders on the radio. She acquired her church building; recently, after that, her parents got divorced, which is not all too unfamiliar in this scenario. Her family downsized from a six-bedroom house to a two-bedroom apartment for her family of six, and her mom then passed away because of the stress of all that stuff that happened. And the origin and root of that was the church building. So I want to solve that. There's also a large mental health crisis amongst pastors that is kept behind closed doors, and they're supposed to be the beacon of hope that other people lean into in their times of distress, and they don't have anyone a lot of times.
Investor question: What's the smallest check you're going to take?
Panel Investor: What's the smallest check you're going to take? Like, 25k?
Emmanuel: 25k.
Emmanuel: Can we make that 50?
Emmanuel: Okay. Okay.
Investor question: Is there that third market that you're talking about of the church of the churches?
Panel Investor: The story is very clear, the passion is clear, the size of the market is huge. I want to gather up more intel on what you pointed to, Jillian, because this is my lack of education of going like, is actually church going on the rise? Is there that third market that you're talking about of the church of the churches? I also want to dig a little bit more into the food utilization space, because, again, if there could just be like a Netflix show or a something that could maybe jettison that further, that's in. But yes, I'm excited.
Emmanuel: Awesome. We're excited too. Thank you.
