Chase: Hi everyone.
Chase: Chase: Robbins.
Chase: Chase
Chase: Nice to meet you man
Chase: . Nice to meet you. Thanks for your time today.
Chase: Of course. Of course. If you've used a delivery service recently, you probably know this. Delivery fees continue to go up, delivery times continue to go up. This is the reality for the 20 million college students that are using delivery services for convenience products. Delivery services simply can't execute on the speed, the price and the selection that consumers expect for daily use consumables. On the other hand, conventional retail convenience stores typically are not so convenient. They often don't have the selection that consumers want, and in many cases, they're becoming pricey as well. This is why I built Handle. Handle builds vertically integrated dark stores adjacent to college campuses. We deliver a curated set of 700 SKUs to students on and off campus in an average of 12 minutes and we deliver them profitably. Our average ticket is $17 and we net $4 in contribution margin per order. We launched this service at USC in September of 2021. We've since expanded to University of Oregon, University of Alabama, and UC Davis. We're here because we're raising a $3 million seed round. This is a large market. There's 10,000 universities in the - sorry, there's 500 universities in the United States with over 10,000 students. And there's another 500 internationally, with over 10,000 students. Our stores generate more revenue and a higher margin than a typical 7-Eleven, and so we see the future as very bright for our business. So if this is interesting, I'd like to answer your questions.
Investor question: I guess one of my questions is if you're profitable like from the jump, why do you want to raise venture?
Chase: Mainly because we're profitable on a unit economics basis.
Chase: Our stores, we've actually brought our first two locations to cashflow positivity. So our flagship market, USC, is producing $10,000 per month in profit. Our other stores are on track to do the same. Our store at University of Oregon is also operating at break even right now. Our store at USC got to that 10k per month figure after only 12 months of being open, and our Oregon store got to break even after seven months. So we're here raising venture, mainly to accelerate our rate of expansion. We're raising this 3 million, half of the funds will be used to launch eleven additional markets, bringing us up to 15. And the rest will be used to build out a corporate team and invest in engineering.
Panel Investor: Can you - I'm just - I invested in a business that was somewhat similar, it pivoted in something else. I'm just curious, like, I think about Gopuff, and Fridge No More and Gorillas and like that was a story of kind of lighting money on fire -
Chase: 100%.
Chase: I'd love to. I'd love to. So a little context on myself. When I was a freshman at USC, I actually sold my first software business for 300k. I used those - my own money to open our first location. And so from day one, we had the spirit of profitability in mind, because obviously I didn't have the luxury of just burning VC money. With that spirit, we've done over 60,000 deliveries, and we've focused on refining these unit economics over time. So the keys for us, in compared to a GoPuff or a Gorillas, is that we know exactly who our customer is and we know exactly where they are, and we know exactly how to target them. So our customer acquisition cost is actually under a dollar. If you compare that to a Gorillas -
Chase: - for example, they're spending $50 plus to convert a customer that's gonna churn after one order, for example. And so our customers in contrast have over eight orders, on average. And we've only been open for 18 months. So with time, I see that expanding a lot.
Investor question: And what's the SKU? Is it all non-perishables?
Panel Investor: And what's the SKU? Is it all non-perishables? Like, what's the -
Chase: That's correct. Less than 1% is perishable. We do carry certain products like sliced fruit or protein packs. But the vast majority is zero spoilage, over a year of shelf life. Because we plan for also the seasonality of the business. When summer comes, when winter break comes, we drop to about 47% of our general revenue, and so we wanna make sure that we're not carrying product that's gonna end up causing losses down the road.
Investor question: So as you think about the perishables and the non-perishables, how many suppliers are you sourcing from, and will that change based on the locale of the schools?
Panel Investor: So talk about your supplier base. So as you think about the perishables and the non-perishables, how many suppliers are you sourcing from, and will that change based on the locale of the schools?
Chase: 100%. It does change depending on the geography. We're sourcing from over 20 suppliers, and we're using the exact same suppliers for the most part that traditional conventional retail stores are using, like Core-KeHE, I don't know if you're familiar with the industry -
Chase: - but it's the same ones that - McLean - you know, these are the ones that ah 7-Eleven for example are using.
Investor question: Is that correct?
Panel Investor: Absolutely. I live ten minutes away from KeHE's headquarters. And so you do - you mark up on the products themselves and then you charge for delivery. Is that correct?
Chase: That's correct. We charge a flat $1.99 delivery fee.
Chase: And we never surge that. Most often, we actually use that as a growth lever to incentive purchasing, incentivize purchasing.
Investor question: One dark store per university?
Chase: That's correct.
Investor question: And so how much revenue are you doing right now?
Chase: So we're at a $1.2 million run rate. We expect, with our current locations, we're projecting that at maturity, which is about three to four years after opening, stores can do 2 million in topline and 500k in profit per year.
Chase: Correct.
Investor question: Are you still a student?
Chase: I'm on leave.
Investor question: And then you said now it's not profitable, but - have you raised money already? Or are you funding it still?
Chase: We've raised - so in 2022, early 2022, we raised a $1 million pre-seed round, mainly from angels. That was a safe note at a $7.5 million post money cap. And so we used that money to essentially launch a couple more campuses, and we still have a significant amount of cash remaining.
Investor question: Can you tell us a bit more about the team or like what your burn rate is today?
Chase: Sure. So our burn rate is generally less than $10,000 a month. So, you know, I have tried to position our business in a way that, you know, if the venture funnel got, you know, cut off, we could survive indefinitely.
Investor question: Is that net or gross?
Panel Investor: Yeah. Sorry, I have a - I have a quick question. Is that net or gross?
Chase: That would be net.
Chase: Um, and so regarding the team, we have four employees including myself that are working full time on the project - or on the company, rather.
Chase: And we have - at each store, we have a store manager, we have a growth manager, and then we have a fleet of W2 delivery couriers.
Investor question: Are they mostly students?
Chase: It's all students on the delivery courier side, and then for the management of the stores, we target recent graduates, because they understand the market.
Investor question: Have you heard of a company called Envoy Now?
Chase: Yeah. They actually came out of USC.
Investor question: Did you ever talk with Anthony about that business?
Chase: I have actually tried to get into contact with Anthony, but haven't been able to make the connection.
Chase: Oh nice.
Chase: Vinovest?
Chase: That's awesome.
Chase: That's exactly correct. And we talk to some investors, and they have this reaction of like, oh, you're on college campuses, you must just be using that as an early market and in a year you're gonna be in cities. And for us, maybe long term we go into cities, but really the bread and butter of our business, and where we make the bulk of our money, is on the college campus. And it's a massive market in and of itself.
Investor question: But what is your - where do you think this goes? Like, how do you think about expansion?
Chase: So expansion, I think that we focus on our core competency, which is delivering to college students. One of the beautiful things about our business and one of the key enablers of our unit economics is that our customer acquisition cost is so low. And so you ask yourself, why is it so low? And what are we doing differently? In my opinion, the beautiful thing about the business is that we are actually leveraging the atomic networks of our existing employees. So our delivery couriers, we intentionally overstaff, because they turn into brand ambassadors. And then they go in and bring their own community inside the school on to the platform. And we've seen the data and the direct correlation between hiring new employees and new customer signups.
Investor question: If - so if you did stay hyper focused on college campuses, and let's start with just domestic, can you unpack what that would look like from a total addressable market perspective?
Panel Investor: You talk about the size of the market. If - so if you did stay hyper focused on college campuses, and let's start with just domestic, can you unpack what that would look like from a total addressable market perspective?
Chase: Definitely. So there are 500 universities in the US where - that we've identified are viable markets for this. And if you just do the napkin math, our average store at maturity is going to be doing 2 million a year, so it's a billion in revenue. And then it's about 25% of that, it's about a - a half a million in profit per year per store.
Chase: In the United States.
Investor question: Who are the other competitors in like the early stage?
Panel Investor: Yeah. Can you talk a little bit about like competitors that you - seems like Envoy Now. I'm not as familiar with their story, but I'd be curious to understand, like, one billion in revenue is capturing 100% of the market. Who are the other competitors in like the early stage?
Chase: So there are a number of companies that are attacking the college market at different ways. Even incumbents like Doordash are doing different initiatives to try to access the college market. But there are pretty much no other competitors that are delivering the product that we're delivering. You know, personally, I think that Doordash is serving a different need for college students, because the need that we service is an impulse purchase. Customers are not buying groceries from us. They're buying items that they're consuming as soon as they receive them.
Chase: And we're also not serving hot food. We're not serving meals. So, you know, there's adjacent players, but they're not competing one to one with what we're doing.
Investor question: I mean, I've got like - I was in college a couple years ago and it was like the nearest CVS was like a 10-minute drive and I didn't have a car so I was like, am I gonna Uber to CVS to buy something for like $3?
Panel Investor: Yeah, makes sense. I mean, I've got like - I was in college a couple years ago and it was like the nearest CVS was like a 10-minute drive and I didn't have a car so I was like, am I gonna Uber to CVS to buy something for like $3? Probably not. So, yeah, and then I'd just would go without, kinda.
Chase: Exactly.
Panel Investor: Can I ask you, what are like the top five or ten things that people -
Chase: So we actually sell a lot of bottled water, funny enough. So bottled water is one, an assortment of snacks, popcorn, chips, candy. And then we also in certain markets carry tobacco and alcohol, depending on the licensure and what we're able to acquire. So that's one of the factors we look at when we're expanding. Currently we have alcohol and tobacco at University of Oregon, we have tobacco at USC, we have alcohol and tobacco at University of Alabama, as well; we just got approved. And we're about six months out from alcohol at USC.
Investor question: 500 universities you said?
Panel Investor: Nice. 500 universities you said?
Chase: In the US. With over 10,000.
Investor question: At doing $2 million a year?
Panel Investor: Okay. At doing $2 million a year?
Chase: Correct.
Investor question: So it's not a billion, right? Am I doing my math wrong?
Panel Investor: So it's not a billion, right? That's 100 million. Am I doing my math wrong?
Chase: 500 times 2 million.
Chase: No worries.
Chase: I know. You guys have been for a while.
Chase: That's correct.
Investor question: Why take another bite of the apple? Why continue to do this thing instead of going through college?
Panel Investor: So talk to us a little bit about the motivation here for you. You - you're a one time successful founder already. This is your second go at it. Why take another bite of the apple? Why continue to do this thing instead of going through college?
Chase: I love the process of building a company. I find it incredibly fulfilling to be able to employ other people, particularly students, because it's a demographic that I have a lot of empathy for. I also just love the experience of building a brand, particularly a brand that my peers admire. And the product development, I actually spent time at Apple working in product design as well as an intern. So I have a passion for product, I have a passion for ops. This has been - it's kind of like an incredible puzzle that you have to put together, because we have a warehouse where we have also built, you know, inhouse inventory management software. We have a customer, we have couriers, they have a courier app. So it's kind of this orchestration of all these different pieces that I find incredibly fulfilling to build. I also just love capitalism and -
Chase: - I love - I just love competing. You know. I - I've been an athlete my whole life and now I feel like I can be an intellectual athlete as well.
Investor question: - that students are downloading?
Panel Investor: Is this an app -
Chase: That's correct. Off the app store.
Investor question: So you're managing this app and a courier app?
Chase: That's correct.
Chase: And we have internal administrative dashboards. I actually built all of our tech, so I'm kind of a software engineer by trade. But yeah, so we have application for our couriers, we have an application for our customers, and then we have internal kind of administrative dashboards, order management software, etc.
Investor question: What do you look for? How do you test and train your GMs? Are they also students?
Chase: Yeah, so regarding hiring for our GMs, it's a mix of students and recent graduates. But that's also been a key area of learning for us throughout the process of, you know, going through GMs that have not succeeded and going back with the team and really analyzing that, what are the factors that we could have identified in an interview process to prevent this from happening again. So that's a lot of learning that we're doing right now. But currently, our interview process is multi-stage interview, everyone on the corporate team does blind interviews for final candidates. We also do personality testing to make sure that they're gonna be compatible for this type of role. You know, we're managing these teams from afar, because we have distributed warehouses, we're in California, and so ensuring that we get candidates who are self-starters, self-motivated, that are in it for the right reasons, has been critical. And I think we're getting really good at identifying those characteristics.
Investor question: So what kind of people become your GMs of your other locations where you're not, and how are they incentivized?
Chase: So we have - really, we're only at four locations. So there's not one, you know, defining characteristic that's emerged. But it's a mix of people who have started as delivery couriers and have just shown incredible grit and drive, and we've promoted them up. One lesson I've learned as a founder is just like promoting good people really quickly and firing bad people really quickly as well.
Chase: We also have people who have approached us and said, hey, I really want to bring this to my campus. I'm not at a campus where you're currently at. And so we take them in and we say, okay, are you sure? This is not an easy, you know, endeavor. We bring them out to LA where our flagship store is, we train them in the store, and so then it just goes from there as well. And your question about incentive, so we have recently rolled out a new comp structure where they're actually being held accountable to the store level PNLs. So they're able to kind of define their earnings by what the net income of - is - what the net income of their store is, based on the percentage of revenue. So for example, if you're doing 10% net income per month, you can get a $3000 bonus for that month.
Chase: It is. It's a lot -
Chase: It's a huge bonus. But for us, you know, if we're doing 10% net income, we can definitely afford to incentivize them that way.
Investor question: And these warehouses are all off campus? Or are any on?
Chase: They're all off campus. They're campus adjacent. So we're actually an average of 2000 feet from our customer. So we've kind of done the geospatial analysis on that. We've gotten really good at identifying low cost real estate that's proximate to student housing, as well as you know third party student housing that's really just apartment buildings off campus.
Investor question: Do you have to do any registration with the schools or deal with the schools at all?
Chase: We don't have to deal with the schools at all. And one thing that a lot of investors don't realize implicitly is that in the evenings, because of Covid, schools have gotten incredibly tight around who's allowed on campus. So if I'm a USC student, after 10 pm, I actually can't get a Doordash delivery, even to the building I'm in, much less my door. Because we're using students, they have student IDs, they can get in at any time and we're able to deliver the best customer experience compared to anyone else.
Investor question: If you didn't raise any venture funding, if - let's say it all dried up and wasn't there to be had, how would you grow this business over the next 12 to 24 months? What would that look like?
Chase: It would really look like probably slimming down our ambitions from an engineering and a corporate standpoint. And just focusing on getting our stores as profitable as possible. You know, right now, because of how the market has been, we're doing this balancing act of growth but also profitability. We would go all in on profitability, obviously, and say, okay, maybe the customer doesn't need the order in 15 minutes, maybe they need it in 20, and we can use the lever of our staffing cost to increase the profitability of the stores. So there's a lot of different levers we can pull. But, you know, I will say as well that we have two funds that are interested in leading the round. So I'm optimistic that we'll close the round at this point.
Chase: Yeah. So we've done some testing, and we've done analysis around, you know, delivery times and return rates for customers. And right now, we see that if we get above 20 into the 25, 30 minute range, we do see reduction in returning customers. But I have a hypothesis that this may just be due to customer communication. If we set the expectation with the customer that it'll be there in 15 minutes and it takes 25, they're gonna say, this is not a consistent service. But if at some point we need to say, hey, this is a 25 minute delivery service, we may not see that same, you know, churn.
Investor question: So is your messaging on campus like 15 minute delivery then?
Chase: That's correct.
Investor question: So that’s like, that becomes in - in the model where you search for profitability and you're seeing longer lead times for delivery, then you'll have to change - is that like your core messaging over all as a company now?
Chase: It is. But I will just say that at USC, our average is 12 minutes and we're profiting $10,000 a month. So I don't see it as a necessary step, but I was just kind of playing out a catastrophic scenario.
Investor question: I was just curious about like is that a core aspect of your messaging? And if so, like, how difficult would it be to change that if you were - you know, would that be breaking like the core promise that you made to your customers?
Panel Investor: Yeah, yeah, definitely. I was just curious about like is that a core aspect of your messaging? And if so, like, how difficult would it be to change that if you were - you know, would that be breaking like the core promise that you made to your customers?
Chase: I would say that my intuition tells me that it's not hyper critical.
Chase: Obviously, I can't say without running tests. You know, I'm a very - I try to be very data driven in my answers. But you know, there's still significant value that we provide to the customer, in that the experience is really friendly. You know, we get feedback from our female customers, especially, that, hey, you know, it's 11 pm and I'm trying to order snacks, I don't feel comfortable walking to the CVS. I also don't feel comfortable with some 1099 coming into my apartment, or
Chase: Exactly.
Investor question: How many do you have currently per campus?
Panel Investor: I missed - I missed the answer, Charles asked, about how many SKUs. How many do you have currently per campus?
Chase: Per campus, on average, about 750.
Investor question: Has that grown over time based on people requesting items that aren't there? Or what's that like?
Chase: It has grown. We've done experiments around, you know, going to a thousand, 1100 SKUs or 300 SKUs. We have found that 750 is kind of a sweet spot. But it's actually an interesting customer behavior. We've run the tests on where the add-to-cart events come from in our app and, you know, it's similar to many other like grocery delivery apps where you have like a breakdown of categories. 50% of our add-to-carts come from the first five products in any given category. So I do think that over time, as we collect more data on what the customers are demanding, we could slim down inventory.
Chase: Yeah. So I can give an example of one test that we've been working on recently is - we call it like the VIP customer experience, which is that when a customer signs up, if we - right now, our customers, we have about a 50% conversion from signing up for the app and placing their first order. And so we came to this question of like how can we increase this? So what we've done over the past 2 weeks is every time a customer signs up, we have - we break them into two different cohorts. One of them gets a text message from an automatic - automatic system that says, hey, my name is XYZ, I'm the manager for this location. I'm also a poli-sci major. You know, we try to humanize that interaction. And then say, if you have any questions. Let me know. You have X amount of dollar store credit in your account. The other cohort, we actually have our managers manually send them a text on their phone because the blue bubble, we have a hypothesis, makes a difference. You know, if it's green, customers pick up on, like, hey, this is ah - this is obviously automated. And so you know, jury's still out on that. We're collecting the data. But that's the type of experimentation we're doing.
Investor question: Have you looked into using the little bots for delivery instead of people, humans?
Chase: Yeah. We have. We actually - we're very close to launching a trial with one of the businesses that operates these, but ultimately, the technology, in my opinion, is just not there yet. I don't know - where are you from, by chance?
Chase: You're from San Diego. Okay. So if you've been around USC, if you're familiar with the area, it's not a - most safe area for delivery robots.
Chase: So just given that, we decided, hey, it's not worth it. And we've also looked at the cost per delivery for these robots. Generally, it's around three to four, and for us, we're already spending only about $3.70 to deliver with our existing work force. And, you know, with scale, that cost comes down. And so if we rely on these delivery robots, we're locked in to that, and we want to use that as a profitability lever.
Panel Investor: What about -
Chase: Yeah, I actually see the future for kind of robotic delivery for us is most likely drones. When that catches up. Mainly because they're gonna be able to circumvent a lot of the foot traffic and like you know car traffic that is what's slowing down most of these robots today. But obviously, FAA and all that is in the way.
Chase: I'm familiar.
Investor question: But how about - is batch ordering a thing? Like how much is that kind of taking up the time of your delivery people?
Panel Investor: Yeah. And so they started adding a human plus bot that would follow, because they started batching deliveries. And they just felt it was too much to walk back and forth to the one spot. They're doing like restaurants, so they're running all over, not yours. But how about - is batch ordering a thing? Like how much is that kind of taking up the time of your delivery people?
Chase: So when you say batch ordering, can you -
Investor question: I guess, yeah, like can your delivery people actually do batch deliveries? Or they have to do one at a time?
Chase: No. So every time they leave the warehouse, they're generally taking six to seven orders. That's where we really - because we pay them hourly, we're not paying them per delivery, that's where we get the cost efficiencies from, is that, hey I'm leaving the warehouse for six people. And ideally, they're in three buildings that are right next to each other. You know, that's our ideal scenario. And as we scale, the geography gets more saturated with orders, and then that incremental cost goes down over time.
Chase: Exactly. Exactly. A bucket with a rope.
Chase: 100%. So our sample size isn't big, obviously, at this point. But I can speak to like our manager at University of Oregon is a really great example. He came to us when he was a student and loved the business so much. You know, we gave him a little bit of equity compensation and then we put this new compensational structure in place. And he passed up, you know, big four consulting jobs to stay and run this location at Handle. And so I think that's a testament to the kind of type of character that we're building. But I also think that as we scale, you know, let's say in ten years for example I'm completely - you know, I'm an old person and -
Chase: I'm 22 now so - no offense!
Chase: Let's say in ten years, I have kind of lost my empathy with the customer, right. I think that a core competency that we're gonna develop over that ten years is identifying talent really early and being able to develop them. Mainly because that's gonna be a skill we have to - have to master if we're gonna scale this business. And so I think it's gonna be a continuation of that. Finding the talent, that's fresh out of college, highly capable, highly driven, and like I said in the beginning of the pitch, promoting good people quickly and making sure that we still have, you know, our ear to the ground, so to speak, on that demographic.
Investor question: So your GMs right now, are they all not students? Like either they've dropped out or have graduated?
Chase: It's a mix. Some of them are doing both. So the hourly expectation that we set with our GMs is 30 hours a week. So, you know, it's - it's not quite full time. It's definitely a lot for someone to be a student and do it at the same time. But that is - it's kind of a filter in and of itself -
Chase: - because the people who are gonna be willing to take that on are the exact type of people that we want running the stores.
Investor question: Is there significance, like 30 hours a week specifically, versus like 40?
Chase: We are actually taking steps to minimize the hourly requirement on the manager, mainly because I think that it opens us up to have talent that is incredibly committed to school and may say, hey, I can't take 30 hours away, but I could take 20. We wanna make sure that we are a potential employer for that type of person. And so the ways we're doing that is all around using technology to systemize the operations of the store. For example, scheduling was a huge burden for our GMs in the beginning. We built a scheduling algorithm, and we don't worry about it any more. Inventory management in the beginning was a big burden for them. We built tooling around that so that the handlers - that's what we call our delivery people - can essentially do the whole inventory management system through an app, and the GM doesn't really have to worry about it. So that's kind of the philosophy we take.
Chase: That's correct.
Chase: So he's a bit of an edge case because we also -
Chase: - have moved him into kind of a hybrid corporate and management role, because we really did wanna lose him, but we also can't justify paying him the same salary without him taking up other parts of the company.
Investor question: So at scale, more than not are going to be students, probably, working those 30 hours?
Panel Investor: Understandably. So at scale, more than not are going to be students, probably, working those 30 hours?
Chase: Students or recent graduates. I mean -
Chase: Exactly.
Chase: I think for the driven recent graduate, it represents a really great first step because you can imagine like, hey, I managed a team of 60 delivery people and I managed a $2 million a year P&L. Coming straight out of college, that opens up your job opportunities significantly where you go from there.
Investor question: And then how do you - what's the - where do you move up from GMs? Like region? Help open new schools?
Chase: So it's something that we will explore as we get bigger. You know, we haven't had to face that yet. But I definitely see that - the retail playbook has already been written in many ways. You know, like, we have locations, locations exist in regions, we should have a regional manager. So we're not trying to reinvent the wheel in those ways. So most likely that. We have had - our manager at USC actually now leads all of our expansion. So, you know, like I said, I'm a big fan of starting people off small and you know promoting them as they succeed.
Chase: Sure. So like I said, we raised $1.1 million in safe notes. Those were at a $7.5 million cap. So you know, those technically haven't converted yet. We haven't sold any priced shares. I currently own roughly 80% of the company. We have a 15% employee stock pool, and then we have some advisors and various other places it's gone.
Investor question: And then what terms are you looking to raise the 3 million on?
Panel Investor: Cool. And then what terms are you looking to raise the 3 million on? Sorry if I missed that earlier.
Chase: Yeah. No, no worries. So that is going to be a $15 million pre cap.
Investor question: 2 million run rate?
Panel Investor: On a 1.2 million run rate?
Chase: Correct.
Investor question: That's GMV?
Chase: Correct.
Investor question: Do you have flexibility on that?
Chase: Um. It would be difficult because we do already have kind of like verbal conversations with two funds that are willing to lead at that price. So - I kind of have no incentive to go below it, to be honest.
Chase: Yeah. I mean, maybe in other terms, if there were some other terms that you were interested in. But probably on the price, no.
Investor question: What other terms?
Chase: Yeah. Now that I think about it probably nothing -
Chase: I mean, if you want to write a $2 million check and you want a board seat, then we can talk about that. But -
Chase: Probably -
Chase: We're expecting a term sheet in the next couple days.
Investor question: Can you say from who?
Chase: I can't. I can't. Sorry.
Chase: I can give you some demographic info. So one of them is a pretty large institutional fund from San Francisco. Another one is based on the east coast, it's a syndicate of kind of ultra high net worth people.
Investor question: What do you think your burn rate goes up to?
Chase: It's tough to say. We can lever it however we want. It really depends on how many locations we want to launch, how fast. Right now, our plan is to launch 11 locations over the next 18 months. To give you an idea of opening a location, it's roughly $60k in upfront investment to get the licenses, build out the store, purchase the inventory. And then it's roughly $60k burn over the first kind of six to seven months to bring that store to break even.
Investor question: 2 million GMV run rate?
Panel Investor: Back to something Elizabeth said, so it's a $1.2 million GMV run rate?
Chase: So that would be GMV plus delivery fees.
Chase: So -
Investor question: And on the GMV, what's the take home for Handle? You know, what's the actual revenue?
Chase: Um, so, in terms of net income or - or I guess gross margin would be appropriate, we're doing roughly 30 to 40% right now per month. Yeah.
Investor question: Because there's delivery fees included in that as well?
Panel Investor: And that's just on a portion of the $1.2? Because there's delivery fees included in that as well?
Chase: Correct. Correct. That's including - so we - we typically don't use GMV because it's like more useful for marketplaces. For us, we typically just talk about topline revenue and kind of our take. And so that includes kind of delivery fees. We also have a subscription product where customers can subscribe for $5 a month and be able to waive their delivery fees. So it does kind of mix things up. But um -
Investor question: - a breakdown of like the subscription and then like what the revenue is?
Chase: Yeah, so the subscription -
Chase: - is a really new product, so it makes up like less than 1% of our revenue.
Investor question: Wait, can you say it in like dollar amounts versus percentages?
Panel Investor: Okay. Wait, can you say it in like dollar amounts versus percentages?
Chase: For sure. For sure. So -
Chase: Yeah. No worries. So we've done, to date, we've done $1.2 million in topline sales.
Chase: On that, we've spent roughly $600,000 on inventory sold. That's like our COGs. And then when you add in the pick, pack, delivery labor, that's about 20%, and the rest is take for us. So, you know, roughly 30%. But then you add in couple other fees, you know, you may - we have credit card processing fees and things like that, it takes us closer to 25%.
Panel Investor: So 25% of $600k?
Chase: 25% of $1.2.
Panel Investor: 75?
Chase: Yeah. 25% of $1.2 is total gross margin to date.
Chase: Roughly, yeah.
Chase: Please.
Investor question: So is this $300k per month? Or is this to date?
Panel Investor: - make sure it's clear. Okay. So is this $300k per month? Or is this to date?
Chase: That's to date. That's to date.
