Susan: We have our passionate dogs, their dog is their baby, We have our playful parents; their dog is their best friend. Then you have your practical parents. And their dog is their pack and their motto is 'my dog's behavior is a reflection of me'.
Susan: So imagine how you would feel if a member of your family were sick, silently suffering for months and you had no idea until after you lost them. And if you knew something was wrong sooner, you would have been able to help and potentially save their life. This is happening every day in over 60 million homes in the US alone who consider their dogs to be a member of their family. And a few years ago when I lost my dog Mulligan to cancer, I was devastated to learn that dogs intentionally hide pain. So I didn't know he needed my help. I let him down. And that's when I began to wonder; could technology have helped to discover Mulligan's cancer before it was too late?
Susan: and after two and a half years of prototyping we have built it. And here it is. Waggit is a collar that collects an enormous amount of data about your pet's health. From changes in vitals, eating habits, sleeping habits, activity patterns and also location. And what it does is it allows those 60 million families to identify potentially life threatening illnesses before it's too late. Who wants to see it in action?
Susan: Awesome.
Susan: So the key is it knows every dog’s baseline and it’s the changes to that that really matter. So we’ve got the health factors...
Panel Investor: So the key is the changes in the dog's normal numbers compared to the baseline?
Susan: You got it. And so you track patterns of sleep, quality of sleep, body positions. So it doesn’t matter if a dog doesn’t lay on his left side, but if he used to and he’s not anymore, it could be bone cancer or arthritis.
Susan: So it also does all the fun stuff, activity, where you can track time, distance, speed, intensity, you have leaderboards and badges. All to drive engagement and word of mouth. People love posting about their dog and bragging.
Panel Investor: Fitbit for dogs?
Susan: You got it. And I also think about it as an Owlet baby monitor wrapped in an Apple watch.
Panel Investor: Did any dogs try to take it off when they were wearing it?
Susan: We haven't had any problems with dogs who wear collars having any issues.
Phil: Are you getting complaints from dogs?
Panel Investor: Are you getting complaints from dogs? Any written complaints?
Susan: Oh gosh, you've discovered it!
Susan: I will tell you the testing though on the durability was really fun. Like, slather that with no electronics inside with peanut butter and have a dog chew on it every day to see how long it lasts. So my dog was the chief waterproof tester, by the way. And so poll testing a whole bunch of different things to ensure that it's fully waterproof, fully durable. And that when dogs wrestle and play, grab each other and pull them by the collars that it stays.
Jake: How do you power it?
Susan: So it has a 7 day battery life. We're 7 minimum because of two things. One is because we're getting all the other information, we can put the modem in deep sleep when the dog is in deep sleep. So it saves significant battery time. and so we're hoping to get more than that seven days even.
Panel Investor: Susan, what’s the price point?
Susan: So the collar will be $199 with a $5 a month subscription. And we did a lot of work on the pricing. So a lot of research and a lot of A/B testing in our presales. And what we found is most trackers right now charge $10 a month.
Susan: So out the door, fully landed, right now I’m at 110. Next run, I’ll be at 85. I for speed got components at a higher price. At scale, we’ll be down to 50.
Susan: So our three year revenue is 40 million with a 55% margin. And that does not include our next product which is cat and small dogs under 20 pounds. And it does not include the integrated surfaces or data. That's all upside.
Alexandra: How are you predicting your second and third year revenues to get to 40 million?
Susan: So there are 80 million dogs in the US alone. We did a very detailed target segmentation and have taken that to 36 million dogs that we’re targeting. And if we get less than 1% of that, it gets us to our volumes at three years.
Alexandra: what percent of the 80 million dogs are in households that you think can afford what comes to, so 200 out the door, plus another 60, so 260 in the first year just for a collar.
Susan: Yeah. So it's a great question. So in our target segmentation, the 36 million dogs is strongly attached pet parents who are comfortable with technology, want a happy, healthy, safer dog, and have spending habits on other wearables and other dog products. And then we did a sub segment of those. We have our passionate dogs, their dog is their baby, their motto is 'all you need is love'. We have our playful parents; their dog is their best friend. Their motto is 'a tired dog is a happy dog'. That's me. Then you have your practical parents. And their dog is their pack and their motto is 'my dog's behavior is a reflection of me'. And as we look at that, we've looked at the behaviors on how each of those subsegments purchase to get to that 36 million.
Phil: Do you have any sort of proof, any studies that will show that you can successfully diagnose that there's some kind of a physical problem?
Susan: So to be really clear, we are not diagnosing.
Susan: Absolutely. So there have been several studies that have been done. That number one is even though animals hide pain, they feel pain. And if something is wrong, they're going to be more restless, so they're not going to sleep the same way through the night. Their respiration and heart rate gets elevated. And the vets are frustrated, because when the animal goes to the vet, they're nervous so you can't get a decent baseline to really understand things are changing. Bone cancer is a huge one in dogs. It changes their positions in how they actually sleep. we work with several vets from Colorado State University, they have the number one cancer center in the world. And they've shared with us a lot of their studies on the importance of this data.
Jake: what do I do with the data if it looks like my dog has bone cancer? Is there anything I can as an owner do?
Panel Investor: what do I do with the data if it looks like my dog has bone cancer? Is there anything I can as an owner do? Or am I just now saddened and feel helpless?
Susan: So the idea is that they will show signs through their patterns before it gets to stage four. And so just like humans then, then we have a chance at actually treating them. On top of that, if you look at... We spend more on our dogs than our kids. Because there's a... We don't have to make them responsible adults. And so we question what we spend on ourselves. But then we spend $300 a week on a dog walker. The other thing is that if you look at, in some ways this is a cheaper kind of pet insurance. Because if you do early diagnose, you end up saving some money.
Susan: Yeah, absolutely. we’ve identified seven key customers of the data, from food manufacturers to insurance to the pharma service providers who then will be able to leverage those data insights. So right now our focus is on how do we scale fast to get that data? So we have a pilot in place with an insurance company to subsidize the cost of collars to their insurance holders to get the data.
Susan: So what we're doing is we are having them send out a survey, understand who wants to use a Waggit. And we're testing a couple of different price points. Because we're going to increase the monthly, because the last thing the insurance company wants is for them to send out the collars and them not to use it. Because then they don't get that actuary data back. And what the insurance companies really want they want retention. So if someone stays on pet insurance for over a year, they're a customer for life. And so they're wanting to really add value to their pet holder to get them there. And they're super excited about getting the data because then they can price packages more affordably.
Jake: Do you envision any other use case outside of tracking your dog’s health?
Susan: Great question. There are so many features that we’ve built in and so many more future ones. We’re trying to stay focused right now on the health. we have a safety thing, which is ambient temperature alerts. So we want to match that with an API to a weather service, humidity, get the data that we get from the collar and see if we can learn enough to be able to then send those alerts. But heatstroke is the number one cause of death for dogs in Texas. So as we start looking at what falls under happy, healthy, safe, and that’s our filter for being able to add new features.
