Panel Investor: the 5th pitch! [clap]
There is nothing more universal than a calendar. Everyone's got one, and let’s be real, they kind of run our lives. Not just all those meetings, but all those emails back and forth, trying to find a time that works for everyone.
There’s already been a massive business built off making scheduling easier: Calendly. They're valued at over $6 Billion dollars.
Today's founder Dave thinks there's room for another, with his new calendar solution Dotcal. But there are other startup founders who think the same.
The Calendar Wars are just heating up. And the investors want in. But is scheduling software already overbooked?
I’m Josh Muccio, welcome to The Pitch. Where real entrepreneurs pitch real investors for real money.
David: hello, David
Investor question: Do you have any statistics about what the conversion rates are, like on Calendly?
Investor question: What's the early adopter use cases here?
Investor question: So is that a similar function?
Investor question: Can you solve it?
Investor question: So can you tell us a little bit more about your background?
Investor question: So can you talk a little bit about your revenue model and how that works?
Investor question: So are you primarily pulling people from these existing scheduling tools like Calendly?
Investor question: So what percentage of the 3000 are paid?
Investor question: How are you acquiring customers now?
Investor question: Like what's the motivation to go far?
Investor question: What does that look like down the road?
Investor question: Where's the moat here?
Investor question: Why wouldn't they? Why couldn't they?
Investor question: Did you mention how much you're raising?
Investor question: And what was the valuation?
Investor question: Who committed the 600,000? Is that an institutional investor?
Investor question: You know, right?
Panel Investor: You mentioned sales and recruiting. What's the early adopter use cases here?
Panel Investor: I just had that problem like yesterday. Can you solve it?
Panel Investor: Thank you.
Elizabeth, like Charles, is already invested in a competitor to Dotcal. So unfortunately, as the locals say, she’s conflicted out.
Two
investors in the room with direct competition could make it impossible for Dave to close the remaining investors. Or could that make Dotcal even more interesting? We’ll be back right after this.
[break]
Welcome back to the conflicted pitch. Elizabeth and Charles are already invested in dotcal’s competition. I wonder how that will affect the
other
investors in the room. Here’s Jillian:
Panel Investor: So can you tell us a little bit more about your background? You sort of slid over the fact that you ran or built a marketing...And what about your team?
Panel Investor: So are you primarily pulling people from these existing scheduling tools like Calendly? Or are they coming from other places?
Panel Investor: Those 300 paid, what does that represent in revenue?
Panel Investor: Yeah. I'm trying to gauge how big of a business you want to build. Like what's the motivation to go far? Because this seems like it could be a great, relatively, like small business. You could get it up to a certain point and then just run it.
Panel Investor: So outside capital, like, how are you planning to produce a return for yourself and for investors? What does that look like down the road?
Panel Investor: So I'm just wondering, why wouldn't Calendly or any of the other ones add these booking pages. Where's the moat here?
Panel Investor: It's just a different form factor. Like Calendly's thing is working so why would they move away from their white pages that are working, right? It's like very efficient -
Panel Investor: I think there'll be many unicorns in this space. In fact, years ago, I made an offer to Calendly, so I know a little bit about how it was back then, and people had asked about - what was that app called? Sunrise? But Sunrise was taken out of the market pretty quickly for - what was it? A couple hundred million bucks. There -
Panel Investor: Post or pre?
Panel Investor: Angels?
Panel Investor: Really?
Panel Investor: So let me ask you, when you had Vimcal, did you feel like there were too many features and it was too complex?
Panel Investor: You know, right? In my head I keep thinking to myself, okay, maybe I just go in for 50 K. and just call it, and I, my gut says, just do it. and it's an area, it's a category that I don't have an investment into. And I would like to learn with someone like that.
David: Hey friends.
Investor question: Can I - well, can I - so, there's a big - not problem, but can you explain your valuation?
David: Sure.
David: Yeah.
David: Well, and I mean, yeah, totally. Look -
Investor question: What am I missing?
David: So valuations are based on the market. Right. And the market is - the market is the investors you speak to, right? We have already raised $600,000 at a $15 million valuation. There's no way we're going lower in valuation. If I had my way, we're building a $10 billion company, I would - I'd raise at a $100 million valuation right now. But the truth is,
David: Is the market for the investors - the market that we've raised from so far has an appetite for 15 million. And be it because they're in San Francisco, or be it because they're just bullish on our company, they agreed to that and so I'm not interested in going down from there. I think it's a fair valuation based on what we're building but I can totally understand your concern. And is it frothy in this market right now?
David: For sure. Unequivocally. You can make a case for that, for sure.
David: Yeah. Three weeks ago.
David: It was maybe three to four weeks ago.
Investor question: How much runway does it give you?
David: Yeah. So with the money we have in the bank right now, we have 12 to 15 months of runway. We are very capital efficient.
David: Okay. That's great. Thank you so much. We would love to have you in.
David: We'd love to have you in.
David: Thank you.
David: Yes.
