Panel Investor: welcome to the Pitch show, day 2, pitch 4
Being a first time founder is tricky
.
Investors want you to be flexible, willing to take their feedback. But not
SO
flexible that you follow their vision instead of your own.
Today’s founder, Ariana Vargas, is trying to figure out
where
to
draw
that line.
When Lisa and I first met Ariana, she had built a social mental health app. It allowed strangers to support each other by sending hopeful video messages.
However, when Ariana showed up in The Pitch Room, she was in the middle of Techstars. And the vision for her company had already changed.
So the app we were excited about… was nowhere to be found. Is Ariana’s early pivot the kind of flexibility investors are looking for - or is it a sign that she’ll just change her business for anyone?
I’m Josh Muccio, welcome to The Pitch. Where real entrepreneurs, pitch to real investors, for real money.
Ariana: Nice to meet everyone.
Ariana: Can I start whenever?
Ariana: All right. Talking about your mental health is hard. Talking about your mental health at work is harder. Talking about your mental health to five almost total strangers on a pitch competition show [laughter] is what you do when you know you have an idea that can change the world. // My name is Ariana Vargas, I am the founder of Stigma, and I was born in Costa Rica to a father with schizophrenia. When I would tell people this as a young person, they would meet me with shock or cruelty. And it's not because people are inherently unkind; it's because people are afraid of what they don't understand. // So I decided to change that. At Stigma, we use storytelling to change the way people think and talk about mental health. // Last year, US employers saw a 225 billion dollar loss in productivity as a result of poor employee mental health. Their response was more - // more checks for more apps and more benefits. // But the big problem is that no one is using them. // At Stigma, we provide companies with the content and the stories that destigmatize talking about mental health in the workplace, that open people up emotionally, // and then match them with the benefits and services that their companies already pay for. // and we're raising a million dollars to bring this unique style of storytelling to the workplace. //
Investor question: Can you show us a demo?
Investor question: Do you have a demo?
Panel Investor: Yeah. Do you have a demo?
Ariana: Yeah. I have a couple of videos I can show you. // What kind of story would you like? Would you like one about miscarriage, addiction -
Ariana: - racism.
Ariana: So I want you to imagine that you're in Slack and you are getting ready for your next meeting and you're talking to people about what has to get done for next week's board meeting and you get an alert from your Stigma app that says, hey, there's a new story, and this one's about addiction. //
Investor question: Was that an actor?
Ariana: No.
Investor question: Who wrote that script?
Ariana: That was just his responses to interview questions on a set.
Ariana: After you watch that video, you'll be asked, did this - watching this story increase your compassion for this lived experience? // The next thing after the question about compassion is pointing you directly to a resource in your own employee benefits package that speaks to exactly that. Did you know that you have substance abuse resources as part of your employee assistance program? One of the bigger problems with the low utilization of EAPs is that HR people aren't typically marketers. They don't know how to do it that well, no one knows how to talk about mental health that easily, and they don't have a budget for creating newsletters and content around these things. //
Investor question: How do you think about where this product sits in that landscape?
Panel Investor: I was gonna say, like my impression is that EAPs have historically been underutilized because most people don't want to share the underlying issue they're dealing with with HR out of fear of retribution or consequences, whereas some of these third party services, it gives you this layer in between. Like, hey, I have a company provided therapist, but the company doesn't know what issue I'm dealing with. How do you think about where this product sits in that landscape?
Ariana: I think we're excellent in that regard because we don't require any of you to submit information. // So what it really is is an employee engagement tool that reminds people that we've paid for these things already that exist. And so the idea there is // you would get a report on, hey, you usually get ten calls to your EAP; once you launched Stigma, you got a hundred. //
Investor question: What's the business model here? How do you make money?
Panel Investor: What's the business model here? How do you make money?//
Ariana: So the first stage will be in either licensing content. So we have one customer so far that is TXI in Chicago. They're paying to license content because they want stories around disability. // They do town halls and they do quarterly stories, and they said, we just want your stories. So you can think of that as a typical licensing structure, like a Getty Images. People pay you to get access to this content and they don't have to spend $25,000 for a day of production to get one story that they can't use over and over. They can access a content library.
Investor question: So how much are they paying?
Ariana: They're paying $600 per individual story and then we also have shorts. We have two short films, both of which have been official film festival selections in four festivals. // There's also potential distribution for larger media plays. //
Ariana: I love the question. I'd like to give an example.
Ariana: Spanx already existed, cos there were control-top pantyhose. // I promise you, and this is my opinion I'm gonna challenge, no one is making what we're making. They're making -
Investor question: And you know what?
Ariana: Thank you, I appreciate it.
Investor question: Can we go back to um the monetization?
Panel Investor: Can we go back to um the monetization? I think my concern is around, you know, how do you convert these pilots into contracts? Like, what data do you need to show in order for them to be convinced to pay for this? // Is there something you can point to that suggests that watching videos like these leads you to // basically solving a problem such that it costs the employer less?
Ariana: I wish I could tell you yes, but the answer is no. Because // we're not established enough. We're still really early stage, so I don't know. Like, I have to work - these are initial pilots. // We know that therapists all across the world point to media assets, stories, books, films, TV, blog posts, to help people better understand feel less alone in the experience they're navigating. But no one has tried to apply that in the, like, employee workplace setting, // and so what I'm working to understand is what is the perfect way to position this and what are those factors that I can point to and say, this is what we're going to be able to do for you. //
Ariana: Thank you.
Investor question: Is that an option?
Panel Investor: Is there any other - given that you're - from what I can hear, it sounds like you're going to be a basically B2B content production company, sort of at scale. // I think about, like, you can either build your own audience, or you can sort of basically license this content into people who already have relationships and audience and use - and let them figure out how to enhance it and have them pay you a licensing fee. That to me just seems like a easier business model than trying to spin this up as something you sell directly. Is that an option?
Ariana: Yes. // There are opportunities with a lot of people in this space to license the content. And to the question of scale, generative AI is an exciting field. // We have a lot of stories that people have recorded. And we have the questions that were asked of them when they did an interview. And I think those pieces will enable us to say to people, if you want an offer of hope and it can't be a human offer from someone just like you right now, we're gonna use generative AI to offer you support while you wait for, you know, a real person. But you can also, I mean, there are interesting things being done with AI actors and things that you can do where you say, maybe an employee wants to share their story but they don't want people to know it's them, and so can they submit in an anonymized way, we can use an AI actor and people understand, this is a real person but they wanted that anonymity and it's not like unsolved mystery style of 1992.
Ariana: Can I repeat back what I heard?
Ariana: It sounds like your biggest obstacle in wanting to make a commitment to invest in me today is the fact that I want to pursue the EAP path. So were I to remove that hurdle, and so we are gonna focus on a licensing situation and we can license to the management consulting firms, and we can license to behavioral health providers, would that change your perspective and could I count on you to commit today?
Investor question: You're raising?
Ariana: A million.
Ariana: If you would like to be the lead, I would be very happy to have the conversation with you about what you think this round should be priced at.
Investor question: So what are the terms?
Ariana: Well, I don't think 50 will be the lead, so I plan to honestly find out, like, soft circle interest and if someone said, I'm ready to lead this, let them have a strong voice in deciding what...
Panel Investor: What would you like. Like if you could -
Ariana: 9 million pre.
Ariana: What would make you feel like this would be a risk worth taking?
