Chelsie: our line to a lot of brands and retailers is operate like Amazon but on your own and 23 hours faster
Chelsie: My name is Chelsie Lee. I am the co-founder and CEO of Shipsi. So before we dive into it today, has anyone ordered anything online recently.
Chelsie: Filters for your home?
Chelsie: Books.
Chelsie: Oh. Amazing!
Chelsie: Great. Okay, so I'll use the filter example, because...
Chelsie: Yes. Those are very important, right? And shampoo is also very important Okay. So very urgent. You're completely out of shampoo. You need shampoo and you need your air filters. If you were online shopping and you saw three different options a checkout. One was 7-10 days for free, overnight for maybe 40. Or you could get it within an hour for let's say $9. Which one would you pick?
Chelsie: Within an hour $9.
Chelsie: Within an hour.
Chelsie: And overnight was 40.
Chelsie: Not trying to be tricky.
Investor question: So how does this happen, Chelsie?
Chelsie: Magic.
Chelsie: Yes. So that’s what we do. We’re currently live and operating. We basically add an option at checkout so that consumers can receive merchandise in an hour or less
Chelsie: we aggregate all of the last mile delivery partners in the area. So we aggregate the Ubers, the Postmates, the Instacarts, the Delivs, the Dropoffs. We aggregate all of those and then give the end consumer the best option. So to set the market for this, there’s over $700 billion last year alone left in total shopping cart abandonment. Of that, 135 billion was left specifically because people couldn’t get their shampoo fast enough, or people couldn’t get their air filters fast enough. So that 135 billion is just because people couldn’t get things fast enough.
Investor question: How do you know that?
Chelsie: It was a big study from the NRF on Census that I can send to you.
Investor question: And you're taking a fee from the rider?
Chelsie: So we don't take anything on the delivery fee The reason we don't take a fee from that is that we want to make sure that that price is as low as possible. aah so our revenue model is 100% volume or value driven for the retailer. Basically the more online orders they get, the more that they pay us.
Chelsie: Yes. Yes.
Investor question: So you have partnerships with Uber and Lyft?
Chelsie: Yep.
Investor question: Already, you have partnerships with them?
Panel Investor: And the five bucks is on top of that?
Chelsie: Yes.
Investor question: is this a way for brands and retailers to basically compete with Amazon’s one hour shipping option?
Chelsie: Yeah.
Investor question: Is that what they’re primarily interested in doing?
Chelsie: Yeah, a lot of them. So our line to a lot of brands and retailers is operate like Amazon but on your own and 23 hours faster. And people tend to like that.
Investor question: But Amazon could just turn this on, right?
Chelsie: Yeah. And they get to keep their margins
Investor question: That's what you're doing, right?
Chelsie: Yeah
Investor question: what ecommerce platforms are you integrating with? Are you in Shopify, for instance?
Chelsie: Yes. Yes. So Shopify is completely automated. Someone can sign up on their own through a download in the Shopify app store Everyone pays a one-time setup fee, a monthly recurring fee, and then also a flat rate of $5 per transaction
Investor question: Are you charging the retailer a monthly subscription?
Chelsie: Yes.
Investor question: How much are you charging them?
Chelsie: It ranges from $100 to 10,000 a month.
Chelsie: It's $100 a month to 10,000 a month based on the number of transactions. So the more ecom orders that they get, the more that they pay us, basically.
Chelsie: Yes.
Chelsie: For the brand or the retailer, let me tell you why we haven't had push back on that. The average, to ship a package, in the US is $12 per package. The brand or the retailer isn't paying that freight anymore because they're not delivering it to UPS or FedEx. So compared to the $12, the retailer is seeing, great, I can do it for five
Investor question: You’re going to bill them $5 per transaction?
Chelsie: Yes.
Investor question: And you are up and going right now? Are you doing this?
Chelsie: Yes.
Investor question: So how long have you been doing it?
Chelsie: So we finished the technology in October of last year. We did a couple hundred transactions with alpha and beta customers in New York, Chicago, LA and San Francisco
Investor question: Why wouldn’t Postmates or Uber do this themselves?
Chelsie: Postmates already does have a Shopify app. What we found is that because of our aggregation...
Chelsie: I did a test a couple weeks ago, and it was a $24 piece of merchandise. Through the Postmates and Shopify it was $23 to get it. Whereas we had another provider that would do it for $7
Investor question: So the best price, you're delivering to them?
Chelsie: Yes
Chelsie: What if one of them goes out? Or that price difference, right? One of them was $23 versus $7 dollars
Chelsie: Fundamentally, we believe that all logistics will be on demand. All ecommerce will be on demand in the next three, five years, right? There’s different things that are coming up in the market, a bike, or a truck, or a cart.
Chelsie: A drone. I mean, that’s a big project for Uber right now.
Investor question: So why is a retailer better off working with you than with the Postmates Shopify app?
Chelsie: If you were a retailer, would you want to spend the time for your buyer or your planner or your person in the store trying to track down an Uber driver? Like a big part of it is the customer service layer behind that.
Chelsie: Redo the implementation.
Chelsie: we are very early. We just started onboarding paying customers literally this quarter. We have about 20 paying customers that are all in implementation right now. They will be launching publicly, literally, next week
Investor question: Can you tell us what you think your revenue is going to be this year?
Chelsie: This year we'll do just under half a million. And my question for anything else future, I would say how many companies have you invested in at this stage that those projections were actually right? ummm
Chelsie: I mean, I could tell you we’re going to do a billion dollars next year.
Investor question: Well, what are you doing now? What are you doing now?
Investor question: And how much of recurring revenue, of the SAAS revenue, from that?
Chelsie: It’s a couple thousand a month that we’re getting from them. I still technically consider us pre-revenue.
Chelsie: No. It’s a couple thousand collectively. We literally just started this quarter
Investor question: How are you getting sales?
Chelsie: Our demand right now is far greater than we can currently support
Investor question: What do you mean? Why can’t you fulfill those deals?
Chelsie: My cellphone number is currently the customer service, what happened to my order, implementation, I want to invest in Shipsi, I want to sign up for Shipsi.
Investor question: How much are you raising right now? And what have the past raises been like?
Chelsie: Yeah, so my co-founder Ben Way threw in the first 350 and built the API. And then after that we did a friends and family and raised 380. We’re currently raising 1.5 at a 4.5 cap in convertible notes. Of that, we have 800 closed or committed, so looking to fill about that 700
Investor question: How much runway will this round give you?
Chelsie: 18 months at a minimum.
Investor question: What was the valuation of the last round?
Chelsie: 4.5.
Investor question: So you’re doing a flat round?
Chelsie: Yeah. We’re just basically coupling everyone together.
Chelsie: Yeah.
Investor question: But how important is it, to those examples you gave, how important is it to them to have one hour shipping?
Investor question: You do?
Investor question: For like tennis shoes?
Chelsie: Amazing. And you! I... Man!
Chelsie: Sweet. Awesome. Thank you. Ah! Thank you. Psyched.
Chelsie: Yeah.
Chelsie: Sweet. Psyched.
Investor question: Are any of the problems that you experienced with these three applicable here?
Panel Investor: Jillian?
Chelsie: Well we have actually an advisor who was previously at Ship, and an advisor who was previously head of product at Uber. Between the two of them they are my saving grace. Every week, should I do this last mile guy? Or what about this problem? And they’re like, nope
