Investor question: Can I ask you a very direct question?
Panel Investor: Do not grow one more inch until you improve this brand
[clap]
Paul: Hello, I’m Paul. Nice to meet you all.
Paul: great to meet you.
Investor question: So these are not smartphone connected?
Panel Investor: Joseph? Hi. Nice to meet you.
Paul: And I've spent, uh, around 30 years developing wearables, medical devices, tech products, and it's 2024. Seen an advert on LinkedIn. There's really not much in the advert. It's just, looking for a co-founder. It's hardware, it's consumer tech, and it's got an aggressive commercialization schedule. So I thought, well, that's interesting enough. I do hardware, I do software as well. so I teed up a meeting with Jo. We met for a coffee. And we just hit it off straight away, he tells me his vision. I'm blown away by it. Because I'm a runner, I'm a mountain biker. I'm an early adopter, so I've spent years with every wearable you can think of on my body, tracking. 'cause it, it's all about, for me, it's about improving my performance. It's, it's getting my stats in real time. and the Flow AR, our product allows us to do this. So it's all the stats I'm used to running with heart rate, Cadence, navigation. And, but I can actually get it in my field of view. So I'm not running looking at my arm, looking at my watch. So, uh, I thought, love the vision. Sign me up. I’m joining
Investor question: I ran with an Apple Watch this morning so I was constantly, like you said, I was constantly like, wait, where am I?
Panel Investor: Could’ve used it this morning when I went running
Paul: Okay, so this is a prototype. if you'd like to try this, I can drive the display.
Paul: So you might have to adjust the position up or down, maybe down your nose until
Paul: If you can see the main menu, so we can run Strava, All Trails.
Paul: Can I just check that?
Paul: Okay. Very sorry. I'll give that back to you, . I, I'm not plugged in.
Investor question: Are you running fast,
Investor question: Is that a visual for heart rate on the far right?
Panel Investor: Not fast enough. I can actually see my Spotify music too. Is that a visual for heart rate on the far right?
Paul: It is. That's heart rate zone, my favorite.
Paul: You can actually-
Paul: Thank you.
Paul: Yeah.
Investor question: I'm trying to think of like, could I actually run wearing this? I love the idea of more data, but I'm also like am I gonna actually be able to do this?
Panel Investor: I can see the stats. it is a little distracting, so like. I'm trying to think of like, could I actually run wearing this? I love the idea of more data, but I'm also like am I gonna actually be able to do this?
Paul: Right. it is very configurable, so you can make it smaller, you can make it monochrome
Investor question: I think sort of the elephant in the room is, do you guys ever worry about whatever the supposed rumored Apple glasses that may or may not come out in the coming year or two?
Investor question: So you guys are focused on athletics, correct?
Investor question: is it that most people would prefer to not run with any, I'm not a runner, so, um, is it that most people would prefer to run or cycle without bringing a phone with them at all?
Panel Investor: And, and is the standalone, it's interesting you're focused on the standalone comment. I find that to be intriguing. is it that most people would prefer to not run with any, I'm not a runner, so, um, is it that most people would prefer to run or cycle without bringing a phone with them at all? that seems to be a big part of this pitch.
Paul: Yeah, I think the feedback we've had is certainly for runners. They'd probably keep their watch on. If you, if you've got a smart watch.
Paul: But they'd probably leave their phone at home.
Paul: Um, when it comes to cyclists, maybe not the case. They, you know, if you're going on a long ride
Paul: you're gonna have a coffee afterwards, you'd probably have your phone, but you wouldn't be using your phone and you wouldn't be having it on the handlebars in a non aero fashion.
Investor question: Where do you think you'll land?
Panel Investor: And then also, like what the retail price, business model, things like that. Where do you think you'll land?
Paul: Okay, so the retail price is $699.
Paul: The COGS at 3000 units is $350. We can get down in volume to $200 and it will reduce over time in, in quantity. Yeah.
Investor question: How far away is this from what you're going to market with, what you've just put on us?
Panel Investor: How far away is this from what you're going to market with, what you've just put on us? Like-
Paul: Looks wise, uh, quite a long way. We've made this robust, obviously, just so we can fit it on people.
Paul: So it will be getting smaller and slimmer. I've got a background in wearables and the, I'm an electronic engineer as well. The electronics is never the hard part in a wearable. it's getting the fit right across a population. and getting the aesthetics just right. So we are raising because we realize that iterations of what you see, is where we need to spend time.
Investor question: What is the battery life on this?
Paul: It's between four and eight hours. It just depends how much data you have on the screen
Investor question: What's the profile of the athlete that you think, you wanna target given the price point and given the functionality?
Investor question: Can we go one level deeper?
Investor question: What is your plan for launch on this? What do you think the timeline kind of looks like?
Panel Investor: Hm. What's the profile of the athlete that you think, you wanna target given the price point and given the functionality?
Panel Investor: Can we go one level deeper? Talk about go to market, And do either of you guys, or is there someone on your team that's ever gone to market
Paul: Between nine and 12 months. The electronics is already at, um, EVT, so we're already, testing hopefully, the final electronics. But we also have to get carrier testing certification. And that takes a bit of time. So nine to 12 months.
Paul: Hmm.
Panel Investor: I love the idea more than I love how it felt on my head.
Can the investors get past the early prototype and see the Oakley vision? That’s coming up
Paul: Hmm.
Investor question: I'm just curious, to point, like what is the target spec? from a fit form function? Like what's the bullseye you're trying to hit?
Investor question: And we, we do hardware investment, but I, I, how much more work needs to be done to get to the place you all wanna be?
Panel Investor: I'm just curious, to Dawn's point, like what is the target spec? Is it like, looks like, feels like the Oakley running glasses, but better. from a fit form function? Like what's the bullseye you're trying to hit?
Panel Investor: And I can't wear, like, to Dawn's point, like, I'm acutely aware of weight when it's on my face that's designed, to be worn for a long period of time. You really do start to feel it. But I will say I did a tempo run today, and I'm just like checking my wrist every 10 seconds. I would really like to not have to do that. So I totally get where you're going. And we, we do hardware investment, but I, I, how much more work needs to be done to get to the place you all wanna be?
Paul: It's a few months and it's really about cutting down, these, these are actually much chunkier than the ones we'll go to market with.
Paul: Yeah.
Paul: Sure
