Investor question: So you could do gambling in a hotel room in Vegas?
Investor question: Can I talk?
Panel Investor: Can I talk? First of all shame on you.
This week
an entrepreneur pitches
his
idea to reinvent the hotel experience —But when things don’t go according to plan — will our startup founder be able to throw out his script and adjust on the fly?
First let’s meet our panel of investors.
Pieter Boekhoff: So My name's Pieter. We invented the iMirror which is a Minority Report style interface on a mirror for hotels. I spent a lot of time growing up in hotels. My parents were managers of hotels so the staff was like my family. Spent a lot of time in unbooked rooms watching TV and ordering way too much room service, but absolutely loved it.
Pieter: So fast forward twenty years, watching a conceptual video made by Corning called A Day Made of Glass. Some of you may have seen it.
Pieter: And I immediately thought, this can change the way customer service is done in a hotel room. Hotels haven't been disrupted since widely adoption of the TV in the 1950s. So think back the last time you walked into a hotel room, there's that closet on your left or your right and the mirror across from it. If you could tap on that mirror, order room service, book shows, book an Uber, change the lighting, play some music, you can even check out on the mirror. That’s what we built. So we're raising a million seed to roll out 5,000 mirrors to hotels.
Pieter: Yeah. That's a live demo.
Panel Investor: That's live?
Pieter: Yeah.
Investor question: Is that real money gaming they're doing on that thing, or no?
Pieter: This would be. That demo was fake.
Investor question: So you could do gambling in a hotel room in Vegas?
Pieter: As long as we've connected and disabled the one on the floor, on the casino floor. You just can't have more, you can't add...
Pieter: Not a chance.
Investor question: Are you sure you want the fries?
Panel Investor: Sir, I would recommend the fruit cup to you. Are you sure you want the fries?
The investors are starting to have fun — which can be a sign that they’re getting excited about an idea. But before they get
too
carried away, Pieter takes control and steers them back to his pitch.
Pieter: With a mirror you spend on average 18 minutes a day looking in a mirror, and no one is competing for your attention on that. And my six and four-year-old niece and nephew walked up to the mirror, immediately saw themselves, and started swiping through photos.
Panel Investor: So, I always like to hear from founders, what is your best question you've ever gotten from a VC that really helped you to distil your, either your pitch, or something that you wanted to let us know, but we weren't asking the right questions?
Pieter: Um... It wasn't a VC, but it was Rob from 500 Startups. And he really wanted to instill, telling the story, because people don't understand that it's a pain point in a hotel room. Hotels are suffering a lot by not being able to reach millennials.
Pieter: Their demographic is aging, and they're having a really tough time competing and getting millennials to come in, spend money in hotels, and want to be there.
Investor question: Why do we need this? Why is it important to me?
Panel Investor: Why do we need this? Why is it important to me? Not to me, because I'm clearly not a millennial. For everybody who is now listening to this, in case you wondered, I am not a millennial. Actually, none of us are.
Pieter: It's an extremely personalized experience for you. So based on your loyalty program and the information we know about you in the room, we can give you a personalized experience, a concierge service to you in the room.
Pieter: And when housekeeping walks in, they can bring up all the information of things specific to you that they might want to do for the room.
Investor question: Does it even need to be a mirror? Could it just be something that's on the wall, or that could be portable?
Panel Investor: Does it even need to be a mirror? Could it just be something that's on the wall, or that could be portable? Because I actually kind of like ordering food from bed. Or I like doing things from wherever.
Pieter: There's a complimentary app to it. So if you want to do that on your phone, you can. If you want to add an iPad to the room you can.
Investor question: So why not just have it all on the app?
Pieter: In a room, if I walk past that mirror [00:36:00] and it says hello to me and has my name on there and says I can do some things and prompts me to interact, and I can change the lighting, turn on a song.
Investor question: Where is it live right now?
Pieter: We have a live in retail. We have one big client that we have an NDA with, they make athleisure wear. And then we launch with Tommy Hilfiger, their store of the future, in two weeks.
Panel Investor: So you started in retail, but now you're moving to hotels? Why?
Pieter: So hotel was always the vision; we just had our first big break with an international retailer. So it allowed us to get to commercialization and learn all the stuff we need to learn. So we'll be rolling out more mirrors in those as we go, but we're looking to do a pilot in hotels to start.
Panel Investor: So the customer who paid who $450k, they're in retail?
Pieter: Yeah.
Panel Investor: For how many...?
Pieter: We have five units out with them.
Investor question: And how many mirrors could they possibly represent?
Panel Investor: Five units. And how many mirrors could they possibly represent?
Pieter: They have 330 stores.
Panel Investor: Okay. And you're currently deployed, those five mirrors are currently deployed in how many stores?
Pieter: It's in five different stores.
Pieter: Seoul, South Korea. Mall of America. Santa Monica. Vancouver. They've got analytics on how many people touch the mirror a day. So the flagship store launched in New York — in the first eleven days had was over 20,000 interactions.
Pieter: Tommy Hilfiger is doing their own marketing and branding for their Store of the Future. It's in the biggest shopping mall in London, West Stratford.
Panel Investor: If that is successful, what does success look like?
Pieter: For them it's 700 stores. So for us that's at least 700 units.
Investor question: But you're only launching one store?
Panel Investor: Right. But you're only launching one store? Or it's one store and based on the success of that store then they will do another —
Pieter: Yeah. So it would take five years to roll out to their whole fleet, and it would be staged over the five years. Even if we did ten mirrors a store, that's 7,000. But if you get the Venetian, one hotel, one market, that's 7,200 rooms. So it's one of the reasons that we don't think retail is the right spot.
Investor question: Have you had conversations with hotels? Like, how far along are you in the sales cycle with hotels?
Panel Investor: You just need one hotel.
Did you catch that? Pieter says, despite his early success, he doesn’t think retail is ultimately the right spot for iMirror, which means he’s asking investors to buy into his plan for hotels — a market he hasn’t yet proven.
Pieter: we've a meeting with MGM on the 27th, I think we just booked.
Investor question: So you're starting to have these conversations?
Panel Investor: Okay. So you're starting to have these conversations?
Pieter: Yeah, so this is just, we're just pushing into that. <<insert room tone>>
Investor question: So can you pay for it as well in the dressing room?
Panel Investor: Let me go back to retail for a second. I like the idea of this being in a dressing room. There are many times when you're in the dressing room, where you need another size and you have to stick your head out or go around half naked. The other part of it is can you buy while you're there? So can you pay for it as well in the dressing room? Oh, I like this, and not have to wait for someone else. You just walk in, love it, pay for it, put it in your bag and leave.
Pieter: Yeah, so on our roadmap it's in the next six to eight months to finish developing that.
Pieter: The cost for us to do a ten mirror pilot in a hotel is not significant enough for us not to do it. So that's our plan right now is to do a ten mirror pilot, and then test it out so it is what we're passionate about right now. We're not stopping the retail side. We're just not as aggressively pursuing it.
