Aparna: Quick question. Who’s a pet parent?
Michael: Can you just take us through, can you just take us through, how much are you raising and what have you raised to date and what, tell us the valuation, all that.
Aparna: Sure, absolutely, yeah. We're raising $750,000. I've closed about $250,000 of that $750.
Panel Investor: At what valuation?
Aparna: At 3 million valuation.
Sarah: Do you have a version of the app that we could see?
Aparna: Yes. I do.
Aparna: So basically you load it up on your smartphone, like so. And the map comes up, shows you drivers.
Aparna: People and cats. And then you choose your drop off location, say, let’s go to Central Park Zoo. And then you choose your time.
Panel Investor: So it’s not on-demand?
Aparna: So currently we’re not on demand. We have a 2-hour booking window. And that’s because we have to get enough drivers on our platform in order to be on demand.
Panel Investor: You have a two hour booking window?
Aparna: Yes.
Aparna: It actually hasn’t been a problem. Because a lot of people schedule their animal’s visits, they know when they’re going to work.
Aparna: But when we do go on-demand we’re still going to have this booking option, because everybody seems to like it. Our drivers like it too.
Panel Investor: So tell me a little about you, could you please? And your team.
Aparna: Sure. We’re a team of four. Um, I’m the founder and CEO. And ah the last company that I started a boutique marketing firm. Ran that for 12 years. My CTO and co-founder John, when I told him about this, um, idea he was like, you wanna do what? It’s like, like Uber for pets. And then ah three months later he calls me back and he was like, I’ve been an Uber driver for three months. I kinda figured this out, I think we can do it, and we can do it better. So that’s the kind of team I have.
Aparna: We, and actually we did a pilot in LA. And I printed up some flyers, went to the dog park. We started getting calls. Hey, can you come pick us up? Sure! I was driver number one. We took over 500 rides. My friends were driving for me. Um and that's why I knew I had something.
Aparna: And, and actually to go even further, I stood outside LAX, talked to every dog, cat person that was coming in. Asked them, How did you get here? Do you have any idea if there's a convenient solution? And I put all this together, and now we have Spot On, that's humming here in New York City.
Aparna: Oh thank you.
Panel Investor: Give us an example of a ride and how much money do you get paid.
Aparna
: Sure.
Michael
: Like let's say, let's say it's someone from downtown Manhattan to one of the airports and they did it in an Uber. What would they pay then? What would they pay with you? What's your cut?
Aparna: Yeah, absolutely. So we're actually the most profitable ride hailing company in New York City. Our rides are very similar to your Uber and Lyft but we are a little bit more expensive because we're a premium service.
Aparna: So we, we're more in the Uber Black range as far as what you would pay to be in one of our cars. Average ride is about $35. We take 15% of that fare. And then the remaining 85% is given to the driver. So that's kind of where the breakdown is.
Panel Investor: You realize that Uber and Lyft are more like 20, 25%?
Aparna: Exactly. We actually give our drivers more of an incentive to take pets. With Uber and Lyft, they're not going to take you. But because we're offering that financial incentive.
Michael: Why do you say they're not gonna take you?
Panel Investor: Why do you say they're not gonna take you? I've been in those a ton of times with animals.
Aparna: No, you're right, you're right. There are drivers out there that will. It's just a hit or miss. Ours is a guaranteed service.
Aparna: Absolutely. We've actually been getting a lot of reports.
Aparna: Exactly. That's the exact reason why.
Panel Investor: Doesn't money solve that problem?
Panel Investor: Wouldn’t it also be easy for Uber to have a pet option in their app? And just say, you know.
Panel Investor: Yeah, that's what I'm thinking. Like, can't you just have like a feature in the settings? It’s like, turn it on.
Jillian
: Pet friendly.
Aparna: To, to answer that question, Uber has recently added Uber Pets. They relaunched it for the fourth time. It's not available in New York City. Ah, they've ah launched it 2013 in Dallas, 2015 in Turkey, 2017 in Singapore. And now 2019, every two years, ah they've expanded it to Austin, Philly.
Phil: How is that.
Panel Investor: How is that...
Panel Investor: ...don't you think Uber would then see this as natural? Because you've already primed the pump, so to speak.
Aparna: Right, the issue with how Uber is doing it is that they're basically taking the existing human formula and laying it on top of a pet formula. So what we're seeing coming out of Austin, Philadelphia, and the markets that they're in now, Nashville, is that yeah, they're clicking Uber Pet. Drivers aren't available. Drivers keep canceling. It's not a guaranteed service. They're still not finding that.
Michael: Does it strike anybody that Uber and Lyft struggle?
Panel Investor: To do this?
Panel Investor: And what does that represent in revenues?
Aparna: Revenue wise? Close to about $112,000 a month.
Panel Investor: In?
Aparna: In gross.
Aparna: We're 15% of that.
Aparna: We are.
Michael: Can you make more money?
Aparna: Yes. This is our testing phase.
Aparna: And we also have a specific clientele that we're going after.
Michael: What's your customer acquisition cost?
Panel Investor: What's your customer acquisition cost? If you make 5 bucks?
Aparna: So currently our customer acquisition costs are under a dollar.
Aparna: I'll tell you why. It's our B2B strategy. We've partnered up with several partners. They're bringing in over 65% of our rides, which is lowering our cost of customer acquisition.
Michael: Who's that?
Aparna: Google. WeWork. Petco. Many vets in the city. Google and WeWork, we're servicing their pet-friendly office spaces. So you would get a discount on our rides for being an employee at Google.
Aparna: Right. I mean, right now, our usage, our repeat usage is close to I'd say 45%. Once they use us once, they're hooked, because they know that we have a service that is not just guaranteed but we're safe. Our drivers are amazing.
Michael: Tell us, how does this become a big business.
Panel Investor: Tell us, how does this become a big business. I'm struggling because I like you, I like the pitch. I love what Charles had to say, which kind of got me off of the Uber X and on to the Uber Blacks. And now I'm thinking, how does it become not a niche-y business, how is this a business business?
Aparna: If you look at the pet landscape, there's nobody that's in pet mobility right now. We can harness the power of a pet market by groomers and daycares. How many day carers are there here in New York City?
Aparna: So we can essentially become their transportation service.
Jillian: Have you talked to them?
Aparna: We are currently talking to them, and that's why I said our partnership with Petco is actually going to really, um, take this to another level.
Phil: What, what are they doing for you?
Panel Investor: I'm sorry, what is the deal with Petco? What, what are they doing for you?
Aparna: So we're basically going to be servicing their Union Square location. So bringing pets to and from Union Square, with or without their owners, depending on what kind of, if they're going for a grooming, or otherwise.
Aparna: Exactly.
Aparna: typical ride-share....
Panel Investor: So what, what, what percentage of rides are these unaccompanied?
Aparna: So we're just piloting that with our vet partners. Um, so what we've been seeing is probably about, ah, close to about 150 coming in a month. And it's very limited because we want to make sure we perfect it before we, ah, release it to the public.
Phil: How many vet partners do you have?
Aparna: We have over 20 in New York City.
Michael: Who has a vet coming to their home?
Panel Investor: But aren’t you the edge case? Like everything you just said there...
Panel Investor: She's not common. Who has a vet coming to their home?
Panel Investor: Okay, so what do you think of this business?
Aparna: Thank you guys.
Aparna: Way more.
