Mike: Sorry my hair looks terrible. I usually wear a hat. My name is Michael Burton. I was born and raised in Maysville, Kentucky. I cannot see myself doing anything else. I can't imagine, you know, a better opportunity than being a founder, being an entrepreneur welcome to a 24 hour work day. it's definitely not for a faint of heart, but I wouldn't trade it for the world.
Mike: I was always a hustler, you know, growing up in subsidized housing, you don't have a lot of resources and so you're forced to go out and, you know, kind of make your own money. Even at six years old, I would go door to door asking people if I could take out their trash during winter time, I'd pray for snow so that way I could shovel it.
Panel Investor: What gets me to that hell yes conviction, it’s a founder that deeply understands both sides of the business
Mark Phillips with 11 Tribes Ventures
Mike: Hey good afternoon.
Investor question: How are you?
Mike: Hey. Very well. How about yourself?
Mike: I'm Mike Burton.
Mike: Hey.
Mike: Hey, nice to meet you. Great to meet you.
Mike: Hey, thank you. I appreciate it. I grew it out just for this show.
Investor question: I mean, it's not there by accident, am I right?
Mike: Yeah. This thing was very purposeful. I did try to get rid of it a couple of times and my kids threw a fit. So, you know, it's here today. I did get a haircut to try to look a little bit better.
Investor question: Can you show us how it works?
Mike: Yeah, absolutely. So it's pretty simple. So you can see you just download a Lockstop app on your phone. Really difficult. You click that button there that says scan. You hold it over the QR code. And then you can see - you can see here that there's a yellow light. That's telling you, hey, you have 20 seconds to lock your bike. I apologize, trying to reach over the mic here. Once you secure it in, you should see a green indicator there and that's the whole process. And so then you as the rider, you can see where your bike is locked up. Say if you're like me and you get lost everywhere you go, route back to your bike and then you reverse the sequence: the little button that says scan, click that once again. And that's it. I apologize. Stepping around the microphone is a little bit difficult.
Mike: Yeah, usually you don't have a microphone. You know, I do -
Mike: Yeah, that's it. Children, they do make it difficult, but not nearly as difficult as the microphone.
Investor question: Who - who are you - of the partners, who, who is your optimal partner to sell to? Are you selling to the municipality or are you selling to a retail place that has a bike rack already? What, what's sort of your go to market?
Mike: When we first started this, we thought, Hey, we'll charge the individual rider. And we've had conversations with thousands of rider all over the world. And every rider said, yeah, absolutely. I would pay to use this device. But then, when we were looking at accessibility, I grew up in government subsidized housing, and originally, we had priced this for a dollar an hour. But even a dollar's a little bit too much for some people. So, how do we remove that accessibility barrier? So, now we charge the cities. Because what we're able to do with the cities, is they install these devices, and now they get access to those mobility insights that don't exist anywhere else. So we sell into the city, each individual device. We do a one time charge to make it really easy. And then we give them data as a part of that purchase monthly that they don't have access to right now.
Investor question: And what kind of data beyond - do you have other sensors on there or the data is around like how many bikes are being used there, where those users are going?
Mike: I'm loving your questions because that's exactly it. It's a smart bike lock. So it's an IOT device. So we do have active collection. So say you download the Lockstop app. Now we know who you are. We know generally where you're located, aggregated and anonymized obviously. And now we can start to understand like maybe is actually willing to ride four miles in for a coffee or a drink or dinner with friends. And so we capture who is How far is willing to travel? But then along that route, is hitting any friction points that are going to make him get off his bike and back in the car? And then once you lock up to a device, now we know, 's always hitting coffee at 9 am. That business owner would probably want to know about that.
Investor question: Someone trying to steal your bike?
Panel Investor: A grinder? Someone trying to steal your bike?
Mike: Exactly. Yes.
Mike: So it's a tamper detection system. My background was threat vulnerability assessments for US embassies and other places around the world, and you cannot make anything completely defensible. So what we did is we just made it the hardest target in a city. So then a bike thief says man, I maybe need to find a new industry to steal in.
Mike: Or a different bike. Yes, yes But hopefully by offering the service free of charge to the riders that those riders would be locked up to a Lockstop device.
Investor question: Where, where does the power come from for this?
Mike: This is entirely standalone. It has its own battery in there. We do GSM connectivity. All of that is self contained in this device and we use a lo-fi Bluetooth chip that allows us to get two months of battery right now. And we're, we're adding a solar trickle charger that extend that battery life up to a quarter. But right now it's a completely self contained unit that can deploy nearly everywhere.
Panel Investor: In your conversations with the municipalities, what is the core value that they're looking to get out of working with you all?
Mike: Just, uh, about three weeks ago, we met with one of our partners that had already selected pilots. And I said, hey, here's what we can actually do. And I showed her our data dashboards and, you know, what we were able to capture there. She's like, Mike, you came to me with a locking solution and that was already enough. Now that you've told me all the things that I can generate here, understanding like who my riders are, where they're riding, where are they staying, what my environment looks like. She said, you can charge me effectively anything for this device and I don't think I'd have any issues getting them approved. So that's really where we're replacing a lot of the technology. So you see the little white flashing light that's there right now? There's a little pinhole to the right. That's a motion detector. We had originally built that in to wake the device up out of hibernation. And then we realized our cities are already paying between 5 to $20,000 for trip counters. That's what that does. So every Lockstop device is a trip counter. So you would effectively be able to think of this as the Ring doorbell for a public space and for a bike rider.
Investor question: Can you talk a little bit more about the model?
Mike: Yeah, so year one we charge a city 750 and then we scale up to 1200 per individual device as we get further along. What that covers is that basic level data package, because then the data that we're able to aggregate out of this has other monetization opportunities, everything from environmental to development industries. So that way we monetize all of that data.
Mike: 750 is a one time upfront fee.
Mike: And so 750 on a device that has nearly a five to seven year lifetime. And so for us, the data monetization opportunity is so significant that we don't want to pass the burden on to our individual cities. But here's the fun part. Even if we do, you can use federal level grants. Like one of our partners that we're in active conversation with is actually using an EPA grant to fund their program. And then the more of these devices you have, the more data that you have. And so then they can use that data to support additional grant opportunities, really creating this flywheel says, Hey, the more devices that you have, the more data that you have, the more grant you can access and the better our infrastructure.
Investor question: So what is the ongoing after year one and that one time? What is the, the revenue that you're generating per device?
Mike: For per device, we generate, uh, it's all, uh, really effectively about the number of users that we have. And so for each one of those users, we generate a specific dollar amount. So each device generates about $750 a year on its own.
Mike: One time. Yes.
Mike: Right. But that -
Mike: But yes, exactly. So those are the usage from monetizing the data that we pull from the individual devices.
Mike: And so what the opportunity is, is we give the cities that basic level data package included in the purchase of the device, but then we give them the opportunity to trade up into different data packages. Because now, I know how frequently you're riding your bike and I know how much a vehicle, you know, expends in carbon emissions or greenhouse gases. So then the city would know, hey, whenever I install a Lockstop here, I'm pulling this much carbon out of the environment. So they can understand, hey, do we have hot spots that we need to target first? Or then after the devices are deployed, how is our carbon emission stacking up in the different areas? And then we can start to ask questions about why there are some areas growing more rapidly than others, and then we can make data driven decisions to fix it.
Mike: Exactly.
Mike: That’s exactly it
Investor question: Can we talk a little bit about the bike lock itself?
Panel Investor: Can we talk a little bit about the bike lock itself? Like, how much does it cost to make it and how long does it take in your current manufacturing scale?
Mike: Yeah. I'll start from the bottom of that. So it takes us eight weeks to manufacture right now, but here's the fun thing is it's small batch manufacturing in Northwest Arkansas right now. So we small batch manufactured this device for under $600 and we have another device that we're designing right now, an aluminum cast, that take that cost and cut it by 70%. And so next year we'll be about $300 a device.
Investor question: Like how do you install them?
Panel Investor: So these should be profitable upon delivery, but I'm assuming there's like other costs associated with putting them in? Like how do you install them?
Mike: Yeah, so it's a very complex installation process. These are the tools you need. And so in under a minute, this thing installs or uninstalls from any bike rack and it's semi permanent. We're actually patent pending on the mounting bracket, which gives us a lot of defensibility there, so we'll be the only ones that can come in and install on the existing bike racks. And it's a very simple proprietary bolt pattern that - put a drill in there, takes about 12 seconds to crank it in, and now it's installed and then you do it in reverse and that's how you uninstall it.
Investor question: How do some of like the Citi Bikes of the world impact your business?
Mike: Recently we've been working with some pretty large campuses and they are actually buying their own bikes and now we're writing in a feature so that individual campuses or universities or cities can buy cheap analog bikes, lock them to this and effectively create their own ride shares. And so I would say yeah, we do now, threaten a lot of those micromobility solutions like scooters and bikes, because 53 percent of Americans own a bicycle. So it's effectively like walking past the car in your garage and going to rent one to drive to work.
Mike: Yeah. I think because we are a startup and our goal was to get to market as quickly as we could, make it as easy as possible to adopt and then continue to explore those revenue streams and make sure that we're optimizing our business, you know, to hit the numbers that we can.
Investor question: How large are the municipalities, the two that have signed already? How large roughly are those?
Mike: So 100k and then 150k. In year one, we're only focused on five cities, and we want to make sure that we do everything exactly the way that it needs to be done so that we can rapidly scale in 26. So two communities with over 100,000 population …
Mike: Oh, I'm sorry. I misunderstood your question. I thought you were asking about population size.
Mike: Right. Okay. Perfect. Yeah. So those are population size. Right now, the two cities that we're working with and we'll be installing is 100k, 100, 125k, right around that part. And then the individual contracts right now are for the 25 devices with the expectation of scale once the data proves out.
Mike: Yeah.
Investor question: So could you just touch on that a little bit and what that mindset has been like as you've entered into the world of entrepreneurship?
Mike: Yeah. First, I want to say thank you for paying your taxes because I really did have an exceptional career. Being a counterintelligence, human intelligence guy, I did things that I read about when I was a kid, you know, foreign countries. I mean, it was mind blowing that I had that opportunity.
Mike: We can check your clearance, but we both may go to jail if we have that conversation.
Mike: I'm fine, but you probably won't do well in there. But, you know, I think - I wrapped up my career with Marine Special Operations, and I think when you're performing with a group that are the most elite of the most elite, then it requires you to have very high expectations. I take that same little scrutiny with each person that we bring into the team. My cofounder Clayton is probably one of the most tenacious, hardworking individuals, that I've ever met, as is my CTO. We actually landed a unicorn. He was a former bike cop that decided to ditch law enforcement and go data scientist and machine learning. And our lead engineer, very similar from Pakistan originally now a US citizen and has been working in this field for 20 or 25 years. So we do have very high expectations about anyone that's working with us. The same with our CMO. Each person has to understand that this is not a nine to five job. And that's kind of the way that I interview. I say if you want to start the worst chapter of your life, but the most rewarding, then become an entrepreneur because it's not easy. It's really, really difficult. And I'm very thankful for my time in the - in the marines and working with Special Operations Group from every service because it gave me that filter to make sure who we're bringing onto the team have the same character attributes that I do. And I'm not saying that those are great, but what I'm saying is if we can't go over something, we go through it. And that's what each of our founders bring.
Investor question: Have you?
Investor question: How big of a problem is it? Like what, what are the stats around, you know?
Panel Investor: Can you talk a little bit about bike theft and how rampant that is. I just, I don't have any sort of senses to it. I've had bikes stolen before sadly, but, uh.
Mike: 2 million a year.
Panel Investor: 2 million bikes are stolen?
Mike: But here's the crazy thing. Only half of bike thefts are actually reported. Because only 5 percent of those bikes were returned. Do you know why? Because they don't know their serial number. So in the Lockstop app, you can go in there, you register your bike, so now we have your serial number and we can, if something does happen, well now you have all the data that you need to go to the authorities, report the theft, and then hopefully get your bike back. Because a large majority of stolen bikes are recovered. They just have no way to associate them with an owner.
Mike: Yeah, and that's the goal. It's like, this is our first step. You know, one thing that we look at is like, what are those boring spaces in the cities that can be informative? Bike racks were step number one. We fully anticipate the closer that we get into these cities and we start to see those other boring spaces, who knows? Maybe they're park benches. Um, but we'll start activating those spaces as well, just to make sure that we have a really clear picture.
Mike: Snowboards and skis. Like, I don't have a lot of, uh, experience there. I'm a pretty good snowball. My wife's like a great skier, not me, but we've heard that time and time again. Skis and helmets, big theft. Now when you think about marinas, right? Boats, big theft. Think about the number of people that own, you know, vacation homes in Texas on a lake, but they have no idea if their boat's still there. Well, now in the future, they hopefully be able to hear and see their boat and then understand if anyone's interacted with it because it'll be locked up to a Lockstop. Because really it's just a smart lock. So anything that you think that needs locked, well now we have a really hefty chain and tamper detection system to do it.
Investor question: How long does it take to actually cut through it?
Mike: So it'll take us 65 seconds to cut through the - the lock, or the chain rather.
Mike: But again, if you do a diamond plate grinder, you can cut through anything. And so that's the reason why we're implementing the audio features. So that way if you're a thief in a public space, not only do you have to worry about all the grind sparks because you're cutting through steel, but now there's a hundred decibel alarm going off and there's a text message going to the authorities that say there's an act of bike theft in progress. So if I'm a thief, which I've never been, well, I did still one bike when I was a kid and I returned it,
Mike: You know, it was a different life then. I returned it a couple hours later.
Mike: Yeah, I'm on The Pitch Show, I'm so sorry. I did do that. It was a different life. Um, but, you know -
Mike: You know what? I don't have to maintain the clearance anymore. That probably wasn't on the initial form. But you know, last year we actually held a bike stealing competition, one of the most fun things I've ever done, and people were celebrating. Like, so one gentleman cut the lock with bolt cutters in eight seconds and he had to run off with the bike and they were all celebrating. And I said, have you stolen a bike before? And he's like, no, I'm like, do you realize you just did that in eight seconds? And I think the realization hit him like, Oh, I can steal a bike in 8 seconds. What does that mean for someone who actually steals bikes for a living? You know, so, yeah.
Investor question: Can you, um, take us a bit through like your early journey of building the company so far?
Mike: Yeah. So when I had that experience in Bentonville about a year and a - maybe a little over a year later, um, I started grad school and I was doing new venture development. So graduate certificate in entrepreneurship and you had to have a project. And I'm like, well, this at least get us an A, you know? And so that's where I met my cofounder and he and I had started riding bikes together like probably 60 to 70 miles a week, just out riding. And he's been in the cycling industry for, you know, 15 years. He used to sell into municipalities for trail building. And so he's like, Mike, I think this is a good idea. During graduate school, we traveled on the pitch circuit and we won some money. I think we were about 55K. We did raise a small friends and family. So we had 235k contributed by folks that had gone to grad school with us or, you know, others like that. And that's really taken us to this spot. We've tried to kick the can down the road as far as we can, but now we know we have an exceptional product. And if we don't raise the capital, then that's going to cause a lot of people to miss out on the value that we can create. So that's why we're here today.
Investor question: Give me a sense of, I don't know, mid tier city, how, how many of these might you be able to install and for, you know, a top tier city, what's the, the revenue opportunity?
Mike: Yeah, so it's around 90k per city is that revenue opportunity when you're looking at a place like -
Panel Investor: 90,000 units?
Mike: I'm sorry?
Panel Investor: 90,000 units?
Mike: 90,000 revenue, about 100 units for a city the size of Fayetteville, which I think is about 150k. They're a great pattern match. They have a city and a university butted up. So it takes us about a hundred devices in order to completely cover down there.
Mike: Yes.
Mike: It does seem very low. But fortunately for us, PeopleForBikes, shout out to them, they do a ton of comprehensive data collection in order to rate each city on their people for bike score. So it helps us understand like which cities actually have the infrastructure, so as we're developing right now, and we need those cities that are ready, the ones that already have the infrastructure, so we target them first and then we understand like which cities are trying to do what they're doing, and now we can go there and start to work through them also.
Investor question: How many cities are bigger than Fayetteville?
Mike: Yeah. So we're projecting in five years, our goal is to hit 291 cities that have pretty developed infrastructure or they have infrastructure that can develop pretty rapidly.
Investor question: What's the revenue in five years?
Mike: Five years, what we're projecting right now is 60 million.
Mike: Right.
Mike: Right.
Mike: I'll walk you through this very complex funnel. I was hoping not to do that. So the way that we look at it is anyone 12 years or older is kind of our target market. So that's about 80 percent of the population right now. And then 53 percent of them own their own bike. So then we gradually funnel it down. And then we say 60 percent of those people actually live in an area that has active transportation. And then we look at the favorable weather days and understand like how does climate impact riding. And then we say based on a total year, here's the number of days that you can actually ride. And that brings us down to a very specific formula and how many devices that we need. We know we're not going to capture everyone. And I love the fact that you say I'm not thinking about this large enough because it seems like there's a lot of people around the table that could help me expand the way that I'm looking at this business. We've undoubtedly missed things that would add value. And so if there's anything that adds on to that 60 million, I think that's icing on the cake for us.
Mike: No. So nothing against it. We're at the 235 and have enough ba - money in the bank. So it's not stressing us out. We have what we need to do right now. So we're kicking it off with the expectation of that pretty tremendous scale.
Mike: I absolutely hate to say this, especially on YouTube, but we've left the 50k checks on the table. So we don't allow any investments under 100k.
Mike: I absolutely hate to say this, especially on YouTube, but we've left the 50k checks on the table. So we don't allow any investments under 100k. Completely understand -
Mike: Yeah, we actually just told our last graduate school buddy, like, Hey man, I'm so sorry you missed the boat.
Mike: It's terrible. Yeah.
