Emily: Emily. It's nice to meet you.
Emily: Thank you. Thank you very much.
Emily: All right.
Emily: Hello everyone. My name is Emily Kenison. I am the founder of Robecurls, the heatless curling headband. We are a trailblazing company that is redefining how women are styling their hair with our patented line of heatless curling headbands and beyond. So in the US, you got 65 million women waking up every morning, styling their hair with a curling iron. They're using 400 degree heat that is just burning, frying your hair. It's irreparable damage. On top of it, it takes about an hour to use. Women have always been frustrated with this, and there is now a new shift in trend where women are putting down the hot tools. Look at Gen Z: you got 40% of Gen Z reducing the amount of hot tools that they've been using in the past five years. Massive shift in the industry. So I invented the heatless curling headband, patented it, and I did it to solve my own frustrations. I also recognized that this trend was happening. So when we launched this baby, we were first to market and we were best in market. Now with only 90 seconds of effort, you can create curls that last five times longer than your curling iron, with zero heat, zero damage, and you can do it any time, anywhere. As you can see, I'm wearing it right now.
Panel Investor: Can you - yeah -
Emily: You want to see the full thing?
Emily: - cute little headband -
Emily: It wraps right up. So we launched two years ago, and in those two years we've been fully bootstrapped. We've done 3 million in revenue. We are profitable. We have very strong profit margins at 86% direct to consumer. And most excitingly we are launching in Target; 1200 doors in a matter of a couple weeks. You'll see us across the US starting February 25th of this year. So today we're opening up our pre seed round. We're raising $500,000 to add fuel to the fire of our profitable business and to help with this Target launch. On top of it, though, we'll be raising a $1 to 2 million seed round, closing this year. So we're looking for the strategic partners who can help advise us during that next big raise process.
Emily: Do you want me to like toss you guys some products -
Emily: I was told to -
Emily: I'm really sorry.
Investor question: What's the price? What's the hard cost, how many have you sold in order to generate the $3 million, over how long?
Emily: So over the course of two years. We have sold over 100,000 units during that timeframe.
Emily: Our cost per unit is under $4 and then we retail it for $28 direct to consumer.
Investor question: Where are you manufacturing this?
Emily: We're manufacturing overseas in China.
Investor question: Does that create any problems?
Emily: It has not. We have a wonderful factory partner. For some background, I'm a lawyer turned inventor. This is the second product I've brought to market. I've been working with our factory for many years. Our partners are incredible.
Investor question: And what was the last product that you brought to market?
Emily: The last one was Straplets. It's a shoe accessory,
Investor question: And what happened to that company?
Emily: So Covid killed it. March 2020, the pandemic hit, footwear sales dropped 75% We had deals with mass retailers that we were signing, you know, the dotted line in March and that just got squashed.
Investor question: So Covid killed you?
Emily: yeah.
Investor question: is there a guaranteed minimum order from them or time on the shelf or placement?
Emily: With Target, you are guaranteed to be on their shelves for the course of this coming year. They are highly selective in their process. So we go up against every other product that might be in this category and they only choose very few. We get projections for the entire year for what they're estimating in terms of volume, so that comes out to about $2 million in net profit for us for this year. I'm sorry, $1 million net profit for us this year, 2 million in gross. We're looking at about 90,000 units. I'll also add that we'll be launching in FabFitFun in a matter of like couple weeks from today. Two weeks…
Emily: Mhm.
Emily: They're one of the largest subscription box companies in the US -
Emily: And they have 2 million subscribers, or -
Emily: So we have 80,000 units going out to that market base through FabFitFun in a couple weeks.
Investor question: Tell me a little bit about your burn rate and what's your runway?
Panel Investor: You've done 3 million in revenue. That's impressive. Tell me a little bit about your burn rate and what's your runway?
Emily: So when it comes to runway, since we're profitable, we can self-sustain at our current rate. um But it's a matter of adding fuel to the fire with investor money. We know exactly where that money would go. For instance, $500,000 would be put towards Amazon international inventory, which we know for a fact that we would be basically doubling our Amazon current US revenue with a matter of 10 countries. We have that data. In terms of our burn rate, we keep our costs very low and effective. It's primarily going towards inventory.
Investor question: What was that from?
Panel Investor: Hm. It says innovation award here. What was that from?
Emily: Yes. So we are the number one award-winning heatless curler on the market. We've won seven awards, including the Beauty Innovation Award.
Panel Investor: From Allure?
Emily: We have not won one from Allure. We are in the runnings this year. But we have been mentioned in Allure in their best list many times over, along with all the top publications: Cosmopolitan, Today Show, Glamour.
Investor question: were those organic? Were you pitching them? How did those come about?
Emily: Organic. Absolutely organic. Our first -
Emily: I mean, every week, we'll be getting press written about us. All organic. These are people that have actually dove into the product, into what's in the market. Ours isn't -
Investor question: So you haven't even sent samples to the editors or something?
Panel Investor: So you haven't even sent samples to the editors or something? It's just - oh wow. That's the holy grail dream of PR, let me tell you right now.
Emily: Oh. Yes. We were one of the most counterfeited products on Amazon, let alone knocked off. Counterfeited. So my background as a lawyer kind of really - kind of helped a lot, it helped us survive. For uh about six months of last year, we had about 3000 new sellers each week popping up with copycats, knock offs, counterfeits of our product. So using a suite of copyrights, trademarks, patents We have lawsuits - they're called schedule A lawsuits that we've been using to really just clean up the market . We've got a whole system in place now.
Emily: No, it's not expensive.
Emily: It's the contingency law firms that we're using and working with and so this becomes an alternative revenue source for us as well.
Emily: And it just - while one lawsuit fills up, we just file another one, and when that fills up with sellers, we file another one. We do batches of 400 sellers at a time. And so we'll have paychecks, basically coming in from these lawsuits on an ongoing basis.
Investor question: What?
Investor question: What?
Investor question: Do you want to protect women's hair from being heat damaged? Or do you want to build a billion dollar business?
Panel Investor: Whoa! What?
Panel Investor: - position?
What! She’s making money off all the Amazon copycats? And Mac has an entire thesis around haircare!? What’s going on in the pitch room right now???
When we come back, Mac lets his hair down.
[Break]
Welcome back. Mac Just dropped the news that he’s secretly a hair care expert. Which means he’s got some questions for Emily, the
heatless
hair care expert.
Panel Investor: So, Good innovation there. Smart. You've already done 3 million in revenue in two years. That's super impressive. Right. But this - this gets you to 10 million, this gets you to 25 million. This doesn't get you to a billion. Do you want to protect women's hair from being heat damaged? Or do you want to build a billion dollar business?
Emily: Build a billion dollar business around that. Yeah. That's - that is - that's the - yeah.
Emily: And it's been done before.
Panel Investor: - a material science company? Or is this a heat hair protective accessory company? I'd like to hear more a little bit of like how does it get to the billion?
Emily: So when we look at just like the US market, there's plenty of opportunity. Like, Aveda salons is another one on our shortlist. We've already been picked up on several Aveda Salons, they've been coming out to us asking to use our product. There are over 4000 Aveda salons in the US alone. There's an additional 9000 international. You're looking at $15 million a year net profit from Aveda Salons. So there are these opportunities that are very large and scalable within the US alone, it just elevates us across the board as a brand that's to be trusted and as the leader in the innovation in this space.
Investor question: Can you give us an idea of where the next innovations on your roadmap?
Panel Investor: Can you give us an idea of where the next innovations on your roadmap? As this is - this is the flagship, but -
Emily: Yes.
Investor question: - What are the next one or two you have in mind?
Emily: So we have looked at several products specifically, like hair mousses that are going to be amazing for creating longer lasting style, hair care formulations, and then also new product tools, specifically in the headband space, that are going to create different types of curl shape, depending on what you're looking for. You want a crimp style, you want more volume in the back, you want tighter spiral curls. So we have a product line - those are patented and ready to go.
Investor question: What's your operations cost now?
Emily: Our operation costs right now are - I have to - can I get back to you on that number?
Emily: I don't want to give you a number I don't have off the top of my head.
Emily: I think it's about 5000 a month.
Investor question: Is it you?
Emily: Is it me? No.
Investor question: Who is it?
Emily: So the team includes uh - it's me. I have my partner Kennedy, who comes from a background at Google, he does design work, so he's helping to spearhead the backend operational side of things. And then our very first hire, is Gabriella, and she's our customer delight. So anything that delights the customer, that's her.
Investor question: So you have no sales?
Panel Investor: No sales person?
Emily: No. I'm sales.
Investor question: Was it you then that got the Target deal?
Panel Investor: That's her. Was it you then that got the Target deal?
Emily: Yeah. I also got Walgreens. We were in Walgreens store two months after we launched. We were successfully - it was a 130 store pilot. We were there for six months. We were the number one category seller. Our average units sold per week were 6 units per door per week, which is three times higher than the - that category average. We were exceptional. We increased Walgreens profits in that category by 400%.
Investor question: Are you still in Walgreens?
Emily: No. So I first went after Walgreens because it was the pandemic. So I was afraid of going after my ideal partner, which would have been Target, because -
Emily: Yeah. I don't know if things are gonna be shut down or what. So I was like, okay, mass pharmacy retail, that's going to be open. Let me try to get into this. But yeah, I got us into Walgreens and we had a very successful tenure there, and we used that to then get into Target
Investor question: But what happened - why did they not continue?
Emily: uh They gave us the opportunity to continue, um to expand to 5000 stores, and it was a strategic play to not continue with them at this time. They were doing essentially a consignment model for 5000 stores, which is very typical for Walgreens.
Emily: Every time a unit's sold is when we get paid for that.
Emily: Especially as a bootstrapped company, we can't do that kind of deal. But if we get into Target, Target doesn't do that consignment model. So Target has been our ideal partner and we're very excited about that launch.
Emily: Thank you.
Emily: I'll take that as a grateful win. Thank you so much.
Emily: Soft yes.
Emily: I'll show results if you guys want while we're -
Emily: Oh, I'm sorry.
Emily: So here are some results. I'll take soft yesses any day. But you can set tighter curls if you want.
Emily: If you want to set looser curls, you can twist the other way and it's gonna style loose beachy waves. This is something that's not done in any other tool on the market. Normally, my curls would go flat like that - these are gonna last all day without going down. Yeah. It's an awesome product.
Emily: Yeah.
Emily: Yeah.
Emily: So when you look at the roadmap for us, what we've achieved is off of an initial investment of $500. We've reinvested profit into perfecting the product; all of that.
Emily: So when we look at all the different opportunities in the US and we calculate how much that opportunity actually is, just putting into our own metrics of like actual stores we want to go into, like Ulta, like Aveda we are able to put that number easily at a $1.2 billion revenue per year. So there is a huge market opportunity and that's just with this one product right here. I believe there's a speed to market that has to happen now. So the injection of cash to make this a billion dollar opportunity is going to be -
Emily: It's critical. And it's gonna happen within three to five years. I can see this easily becoming $100 million a year revenue business with light injection of cash.
Investor question: How much have you raised of the 500?
Emily: We have not raised any of the 500 to date. We do have soft commits -
Investor question: And what terms would that be?
Emily: We are gonna let the market decide. We want to have conversations.
Panel Investor: In the ideal world, what would the terms be?
Emily: Ideal world, I wouldn't say ideal world, like what I feel like is the -
Emily: Realistic world. I feel like a 10 million is fine.
Investor question: Would you go for an eight?
Emily: It is something we would consider, yes. Especially being one of the first checks in, yes. We would consider that.
Investor question: What is - is that fun and fit and fabulous?
