Khaylah: Hi everyone. Good morning.
Khaylah: So nice to meet you.
Khaylah: Khaylah. Nice to see you.
Khaylah: Khaylah. Nice to meet you.
Khaylah: Khaylah. Nice to meet you.
Khaylah: Nice to meet you.
Khaylah: Okay. I'm Khaylah Epps, CEO and founder of OMA Health, and my founder's origin story begins with the fact that I grew up with a grandmother who never thought that she'd live long enough to even enroll in Medicare, because pretty much everyone she knew died before the age of 65. And they died due to conditions that we now know are preventable with timely access to quality health care. And if you think that fear stopped with my grandmother, you'd be wrong, because in 2024, as a black woman, if I get pregnant, I'm more than twice as likely to die from it. I have a higher likelihood of stroke, diabetes, kidney disease, you name it. If I get diagnosed with breast cancer, I have a 40 percent higher chance of dying from it than my white peers. And despite my experience in education and public health, bias and inequity sit with me in every single exam room. The American healthcare system is failing me and 21 million other black women living in the United States, even though we're paying nearly $10 billion in out of pocket health care expenses each year. It's because of my experiences and education that I'm the founder of OMA, where we're not only connecting black women to nurse practitioners who specialize in culturally competent care, but, most importantly, we support those nurse practitioners through an AI-enabled business in a box model. Nurse practitioners are poised to be one of the fastest growing professions in the next decade, and they lead the charge in delivering high quality, affordable, culturally competent care. OMA enables nurse practitioners to open up their own practices and focus on care, not administration like billing, credentialing, scheduling. We take care of all of that, so that they can focus on what matters most, which is nurturing relationships with their patients so that they can improve health outcomes. And if you're asking why now and why this solution, the answer is quite simple. The market is vast. The women's health market is estimated to be worth $108 billion by 2030. And if your next question is, well, why me, it's because my experience working at some of the biggest payers and digital health startups equipped me with the knowledge to not only thrive in this emerging market, but to lead it. OMA is the German word for grandmother. This company and our mission is a love letter to my grandmother to let her know that we can build a healthcare system where we keep black women alive. We're raising $1 million for our pre-seed to bring that vision to a reality.
Khaylah: Thank you.
Investor question: Could you please share more?
Panel Investor: You mentioned there, but you didn't go into any detail, about your background. Could you please share more? Love the personal story, but love to know more about your professional background.
Khaylah: Yeah, can do. So I've got my master's of public health at UNC Chapel Hill, which is the best public health school in the country. But I've spent most of my time working at one of the biggest health care payers in North Carolina, Blue Cross Blue Shield, North Carolina. But I also understand the provider side, working at digital health startups that were responsible for improving healthcare access for rural Medicare advantage enrollees. And what we want to do at OMA Health is focus on the South, a space that many of these sexy health care startups don't really play in. But it becomes equally important when you think about 56 percent of black folks live in the South. Much of the South is rural. So in order to succeed in that market, you have to understand the ins and outs of rural communities. And I know that quite well.
Panel Investor: I know you're raising a million for this pre seed, but can you tell us what stage of development is the company?
Khaylah: Yeah. So we're working on developing our MVP, but the funds for our pre-seed would help finalize that product build and help bring it to market. Right now, we're heads down with a few beta nurse practitioners and helping them open up their own practices. So really focusing on their biggest pain point right now, which is getting credentialed with insurance companies. So we're focusing on getting those conversations going with the largest payers in the Southeast.
Investor question: And what's the timeline for the launch?
Khaylah: Once we close our round, within eight weeks our product could be in the market.
Investor question: Can you walk me through the product experience?
Panel Investor: Can you walk me through the product experience? So I'm signing up with you. I'm a nurse practitioner. I want to open a practice. What is that experience like?
Khaylah: So you would log on to our site. You would submit an application, because first and foremost, we're not just gonna accept everyone. When we say culturally competent care, we actually mean it. So we go through a rigorous application process. We talk to you about what are the needs that you want us to help you with, as relates to private practice. Like, do you need us to help you with the credentialing, the billing, the scheduling? Do you need the full suite of services? We talk through that and then we help you get everything that you need in order to set up your practice.
Khaylah: So we have that technology on the back end. Yeah, so we're truly an AI-enabled business in a box model. So say you're just entering practice. You likely don't have a contract with a Tebra or a Healthy or any of those systems. So you come to us. We have that. We have that software that you can plug in. You can do your HIPAA compliant video conferences with your patients, so we take care of all of that, and that really becomes the stickiness of the solution, because it becomes all in one and you don't have to have these disparate contracts with all these other entities that exist out in the market.
Khaylah: Okay. Understood.
Investor question: And how much of the one million have you raised?
Khaylah: Zero.
Investor question: And how much of the one million have you raised?
Khaylah: Zero.
Khaylah: Yes.
Khaylah: Yeah, no, we're going deep with the insurance payers. I know this is pretty unheard of, but we're already starting conversations with some of the biggest payers, and that comes from my relationships, my background with the payers. So I know that intimately. And when you talk to nurse practitioners, that is their biggest pain point. So you can build shiny tech all you want, but if you can't help them get credentialed, get the rates that they need, it becomes a moot point. So if we can take the credentialing process from six months to like 45 days, just by way of our relationships with the payers, that actually streamlines a lot of the backend that just bogs them down. That's the stickiness. So that's where we're going deep, and that's where the magic happens, and that's how you make this a capital efficient company. Because then you can go to payers, you enter into contracts with them to say, okay, we can be a network extender for you. And not only that, nurse practitioners are billing less than an MD does. And they oftentimes are going back into the communities that they grew up in, which often are rural, underrepresented. And MDs don't really want to go back to there, because they're looking to make 350, $400,000.
Khaylah: Yeah. Nurse practitioners are looking to make, you know, 125, 135,000. They just need the support on the back end to help them get credentialed, billing, all that admin stuff that they, quite frankly, did not go to school for, and they should not have to focus on, particularly in this wave of AI. There's just so much that technology can do on the back end. Let us handle that, and then we will help you succeed in building a sustainable patient panel.
Investor question: And when, you think about initial revenue streams, business model, are you starting as a service layer for the practitioners?
Khaylah: Yes.
Investor question: - instead of paying for an office assistant, they pay you?
Khaylah: Correct. Yeah. So we take a percent of revenue.
Investor question: What's that take rate? What's the percentage?
Khaylah: Our take rate is 8 to 12 percent, depending on how much support you need from us on the back end.
Khaylah: Revenue, yeah.
Investor question: How do you think about the average revenue in year one for each of these nurse practitioners?
Khaylah: So a full patient panel, a nurse practitioner is able to bring in 217,000 to 350,000. Recognizing they're not going to have a full patient panel to start, it's going to be a ramp up to that. But we think we can get them pretty quickly, recognizing that there is a need and a demand. So that's what we're working with.
Panel Investor: Can you tell me how many nurse practitioners are there out there today
Khaylah: Yeah. There's 385,000 nurse practitioners now. It's expected to grow 45 percent over the next decade. Last year, of the nurse practitioners who went into private practice, 31 percent went into primary care, and that's up from 16 percent the year prior. So there's a growing trend of nurse practitioners wanting to be entrepreneurs. And they're just looking for a solution. And we're bringing that to market.
Investor question: And what percentage of them do you think would be, would you, you think would be considered cultural competency?
Khaylah: I would say about, 65%. And that's not to say that the other percentage can't get there, because we also have to be able to support those nurse practitioners in that training. You can't just say, Oh, I'm culturally competent. It's a constant learning process. And you have to be able to support that on the back end. And it can't just be a virtue signal that says, Oh, we're culturally competent. We have to show it on the back end that we're actually moving the needle and improving health outcomes.
Panel Investor: We invested in a business that I don't think is competitive, it's somewhat similar, called Ease, which helps doctors essentially launch their own. And like the biggest learnings from that investment has been the technology and the systems are one piece but, to your point, these people didn't go to school to be entrepreneurs. So even if you can handle billing, they still have to learn how to market my practice, customer - like, what other things do you have to wrap around the offering to help these people succeed?
Khaylah: Yeah, it's going to be the marketing for sure. And I'll tell you some of our nurse practitioners who are our beta users, they're out in private practice already, but they're having a hard time building a sustainable patient panel. They're on the Teledocs. They're on the Amwells. They're on the Sesame Care. They're getting $22 average reimbursed, for their visits. They still can't build a sustainable patient practice. The tech is one piece, but you have to be able to help them connect the two. That's why it, it all wraps up under our model, because without one or the other, it becomes a moot point. You're actually not solving the problem.
Investor question: What will the MVP do?
Khaylah: So the MVP will allow patients to book with the nurse practitioners. We'll be able to get the nurse practitioners credentialed and do all the billing and accept payments. And then we'll do a fast follow as we learn more about what are the needs from both the patients and the nurse practitioners of what we need to add on.
Khaylah: Yeah.
Panel Investor: And, you know, nurse practitioners, did they put a cap on how many can get licensed per year? Cause they do that with doctors.
Khaylah: I don't think so. No, not to my knowledge.
Khaylah: Yeah.
Khaylah: Yes.
Khaylah: Okay.
Khaylah: This is correct. And I think, you know, maternity or poor health outcomes is getting center stage. But, it's at every point of our life as a black woman that we're having to do this. So I think, I resonate obviously deeply with this, and this is why I believe we will actually change the world.
Khaylah: Yep.
Khaylah: Yeah.
Khaylah: Awesome. Thank you. Looking forward to it.
Khaylah: Thank you.
Khaylah: It is.
Khaylah: Absolutely. We're starting in Alabama with Birmingham as our testing ground. It's a predominantly black city. Follow on would be North Carolina, where my roots are from, my family, and the payer relationships there. And then Georgia, and then we'll expand out. And just for context, there's over 8,000 nurse practitioners in Alabama.
Panel Investor: This point in the proceedings… or do we have more questions?
[laughter]
Khaylah: Fair.
Khaylah: Yep.
Khaylah: Awesome, thank you.
