Pierre: Good morning ladies and gentlemen. My name is Pierre Laguerre, the founder and CEO of Fleeting. And I wanna start with an interesting story. I’ve been in the transportation space for the past 16 years as a Class A truck driver. And I remember vividly my daughter asking, Daddy, are you gonna be home for Christmas? I could not look in that little girl’s eyes, knowing that I was not going to make it. That’s a huge problem in transportation logistics. Hundreds of thousands of drivers are being affected by this problem still to this day. For trucking companies, 45% of their assets are being unutilized and they’re spending between 15k and 20k directly or indirectly to hire a truck driver. We decided to solve this problem through technology by connecting truck drivers to trucking companies for on demand, scheduled and temporary transportation needs.
Pierre: we give trucking companies the ability to find a vetted truck driver on demand to operate their trucks around the clock. In five years, Fleeting can be a $5 billion company with the right execution. Since we launched in January, we are seeing some nice growth. We are doing about 82k in monthly recurring revenue with a 32% month over month growth. We are raising 1.5 million dollars to make this opportunity as large as it deserves to be. And give truck drivers a way of life, and also help trucking companies keep their trucks moving, so that end consumers can constantly receive their packages. Thank you.
Investor question: What does this look like?
Pierre: Yes. So pretty much our drivers download the app. Once they download it we run a pretty much a standard trucking application on the driver. We do a background check. We make sure that their MVR is good. The MVR is motor vehicle record, their driving behavior. And we also do a pre-screen ah drug test before we give them full activation on the, on our platform.
Pierre: So once we pretty much vet the driver, the driver now let us know his schedule, what days he's available, what days he would like to work. And we actually let the algorithm match that driver to that specific company.
Investor question: And why are drivers preferring this to traditional trucking companies?
Pierre: So how it is now, when a driver work for a trucking company, he works for that company for either six days a week, 14 hours per day for the entire life of his career. Now if that driver want a week off, he's still running the risk of being terminated from his employer. For example, if he has a sick child and he keep calling out, he runs the risk of losing his job. Through our platform, the driver pretty much set his own schedule. He work on his term. If he needs two weeks off, he doesn't have to explain anything to us. He can take the two weeks and just come back to work when he's ready to work.
Pierre: Yes it is a new way to work we speak to the drivers all the time and we understand their problem and the biggest pain that they’re having is being able to take days off to do the things that they want to do with their loved one. And also, majority of these drivers are spending 200 nights on the road away from their family. So that’s the new model, because now these drivers know they don’t have to be on the road for 30 days to make great income. So now they can work on their term with the company of their choice and have more flexibility.
Investor question: And in terms of the pay, how does your pay on an hourly basis compare to what a truck driver could get like as an employee?
Pierre: So a starting rate for truck drivers is about 18 dollars per hour, and this is one of the largest carriers, UPS, that’s their starting rate. So with ours, we charge our customers $43 per hour. We pay our drivers $27 per hour, and Fleeting keeps a 38% margin.
Investor question: From the customer’s perspective, is working with you a better experience? Or are they just desperate for more, more labor, and will get it from wherever?
Panel Investor: So I get why drivers like working with you. From the customer’s perspective, is working with you a better experience? Or are they just desperate for more, more labor, and will get it from wherever?
Pierre: Yes. So trucking companies are pretty much desperate for drivers. They cannot keep drivers. Companies are spending 15k to hire a driver and then come to find out that driver quit in 30 days. So what it is is that truck drivers are full time drivers and part time applicants. So that means although they have a fulltime job they’re still looking for another job somewhere else. So that gives us the ability to kind of say hey, under one platform, you don’t have to keep constantly switching jobs. You can now, under one platform, you can work for multiple companies. Now, we do have a, a total base of about 500 drivers downloaded our platform. But not all of em are active. And the reason for that is we have to spend money to do the background check and the vetting. So we're giving access little by little. Every time we onboard a new customer in a new area, then we give about 10 drivers access.
Investor question: Can you talk about your team members and how long you been working together?
Pierre: We have a well-rounded team. I myself, the CEO, our CTO is the former CTO of a company named AirWatch that got acquired by VMware for over a billion dollars. Our head of sales is Benny, also had two successful exits. My team love my personal story because they say, hey, look, this guy doesn’t take no for an answer. He doesn't quit. I built two trucking companies in this space before to 4 million dollars in revenue. And I got hurt and lost everything. So I think that really helped out when it comes to recruiting our team, our talent.
Pierre: Yes, it is very competitive, but also very fragmented, right. The largest company in this space that's a digital freight, which is C. H. Robinson, about 17 billion dollars in annual revenue and they only have 3% of the market share. So that means there's a huge opportunity. And if I say that we gonna be the only player in that space, I'll be lying. We'll be fooling ourselves.
Pierre: The minute we get big, there’s gonna be other companies that’s gonna do, that’ll try to do this. But for our defense is the fact that our true, we truly understand the drivers’ nature. We understand the drivers’ world. We understand their language. And I think we’ll be able to build the best company that we can actually get the drivers attracted to our side.
Investor question: In the next few years, like with autonomous trucks and all, how do you think about that world? I know it's a ways away, but how do you think about where this company goes in that world?
Pierre: Yes. Um. Actually, in order for autonomous to really take the full effect, our entire infrastructure would have to change. Number one. But however, I do see autonomous working early on for long distance load. And how that work is, they're doing that through a platooning system where they will have one driver and then they will five trucks following that one driver.
Pierre: So what that does is if there’s a load coming from California, that needs to be delivered in Jersey, the five trucks is not going to make it to New York City and drive by itself, right. So that means when the trucks get into New Jersey, they're gonna need five drivers standing at that meeting point to get in the truck to do the final mile delivery.
Pierre: So Fleeting will be at the intersection to be that company that provide all the drivers for all the autonomous loads. So autonomous does not pretty much affect our business, it doesn’t affect, it complement our business. Because trucking companies all will be looking to hire a lot of part-time drivers to drive these trucks off the ramps to their final destination.
Pierre: So, the plan for the money is pretty much, ah, we want to do some more driver acquisition. Some customer acquisition. So we want to be able to kind of do a lot of recruiting. We always want to have more drivers.
Pierre: Than trucking companies.
Pierre: So we wanna blow up on the, ah, on the marketing aspect. But also product. Right now, we do have a MVP. It’s not the best yet, but we still working on it.
Pierre: Thank you.
Pierre: Thank you. I really appreciate that. Thank you.
Investor question: Pierre, can you tell us a little bit more about your round? Do you have terms on this round?
Pierre: No, right now, at the moment, we don't have a term. But we are in due diligence with a firm called Story Ventures.
Pierre: Yes. So we, we in due diligence with them. And he also connected me with another firm called Schematic Ventures.
Pierre: Yeah. So um... But also, we was recently invited to raise on SeedInvest and Republic. So what we're doing is we are going to take 250k from Republic. And the reason for that is, we want to give truck drivers a early opportunity to invest…
Pierre: ...in our company.
Pierre: So we gonna do 250,000 on, on, Republic. And we still keeping our heads down and speaking to a lot of investors. But as of right now, no we don’t have any commitment as far as the term sheet.
Investor question: Given where you are, like, certainly could propose something, um, and I think frankly speaking like, you know, we also tend to prefer earlier valuations, um what are your thoughts on that?
Pierre: As far as the valuation, um, the last money that we raised, we've raised at a 5.5 million valuation. And we thinking about doing this 1.5 raise, we want to do it at a 7.5 million valuation, but we more than happy to hear the investors that wants to lead it and where do they see company's fit. So our numbers are not final.
Investor question: 5, was that on a note or a safe or what was the format?
Pierre: Yes, yes. That’s on a safe note.
