Elizabeth: Do you love the problem you're working on?
Mac: Which is why I’m I’m like staying away from institutions and I’m gonna go the family office route
Edward: Hey everyone.
Edward: So I'm Edward, CEO and cofounder of Podcast AI, and we automate your podcast production. So back in 2019, my cofounder and I were running a video hosting service, this was for podcasters and YouTubers - and we quickly found ourselves actually taking over the post-production work for one of our biggest customers. And that looked like us spending our entire weekend, every weekend, doing that work, and obviously with the AI boom and advancements that have been happening in the past year, - we realized - wait a minute, all of this work could actually be automated, and that's why we founded PodcastAI. What PodcastAI does is it lets podcast producers become ten times more productive, because it eliminates hours of manual work on postproduction. And podcast producers, what they do is they'll typically be, you know, sometimes using several tools that they're chaining together on top of those manual hours of work, and we can kind of eliminate all of that friction and pain by streamlining everything into one automated platform. The podcast industry is huge. Uh. It's growing at a compounded 30% per year and that's projecting out to a hundred-billion-dollar industry by 2029. As for Podcast AI, we started back in May and we got our first paying customers in September, and in the last four months we've grown to 43,000 in annual recurring revenue. You know, that brings us to today. We're looking to raise a million dollars to scale that growth and bring automation to all the podcast producers out there.
Elizabeth: How does this work?
Edward: So it all starts when the podcaster has finished their episode. So that's an MP3 or MP4 -
Edward: Exactly. Whatever they're using for the recording, you know, they have then their end product that they're ready to deploy, they just drop it into Podcast AI We automatically transcribe the whole thing, takes 10 seconds. It auto-identifies the speakers. You know, it's a real a-ha moment for podcast producers when, you know, something that used to take them half an hour, doing all those chapters and timestamps, takes 30 seconds. And same thing for descriptions. And then actually detecting of the top ten viral moments and doing all the social posts that go with those viral moments with like amazing copy for LinkedIn, TikTok, X, They're just blown away by what we can do already and on top of that our roadmap.
Charles: What tools do they get rid of when they use Podcast AI?
Edward: Yeah. So it started off with just getting rid of the manual labor of doing chapters. And then we had some YouTubers that were using us for chapters who said, wouldn't it be great if I could be on Apple and Spotify, so we took on hosting. So now they're dropping their hosting platforms. We also turn the entire podcast into a beautiful webpage, totally SEO optimized. Our first customer for that was This Week in Startups.
Edward: So ThisWeekinStartups.com right now is powered by us. So it's an old podcast, right. It's got 1800 plus episodes, and you can search through all those episodes. And actually one of our latest customers is The Pitch.
Edward: So everything indexed, fully searchable, really SEO optimized. Everything you'd dream to have. And it's completely automated as a literal by-product of using us just for the chapters and everything. That's the beauty of it.
Elizabeth: How much are you charging The Pitch?
Edward: We're charging $99.
Edward: Per month.
Edward: And Josh came in right before we doubled our prices.
Beck: Why did you double?
Edward: So we were starting to bring in people for sales. The sales were going really well. I mean, just in September, October, we took 19 meetings. 15 of those we closed on the call. So, you know, it's just figuring out, okay, what can we raise prices to until we should stop raising prices.
Pascal: What is it - like, because you listed a whole bunch of different features and things you can do. When you pitched to Josh on The Pitch, what's your headline and what did you actually pitch him as the product that you're selling him.
Edward: So automating that website I think was a big thing. And also the fact that we have all of those transcripts, we can actually train AI versions of the hosts on the transcripts and on their voices. For podcasting companies that are looking at advertising and selling a lot of inventory, being able to spin up ad reads -
Edward: - like this [snaps] like that's a killer feature. So there was a lot of excitement around that and also working with Josh around integrating with the platforms that are doing dynamic ad insertions. I mean, even, there's situations - I spoke to someone running a podcasting network, this is the biggest music podcasting network, and he was telling me they have, you know, older podcasts that are still being played, because they're evergreen, and they can't record new ad reads because the host is gone. And this actually lets them sell that inventory for a higher price, because it's in the host's voice, so it's just amazing for prototyping ads and even creating deliverables.
Edward: Yeah. So what I was talking about, generating those viral moments, we're very soon gonna have the actual production of those vertical style TikTok and YouTube short clips. But I was actually showing this to one of our agency customers, you know, ahead of time, and he was actually kind enough to show me his workflow for creating really amazing viral social posts that go with those moments. And we basically productized it. So taking from the best and making this a product. That's the difference between, you know, these GPT wrappers and things like this and manual process, and actually creating a real product.
Elizabeth: What are the typical formats people are uploading? Is it video? Is it audio?
Edward: So it's a mix. And there's a convergence going on, which is that podcasters are realizing they've gotta be on YouTube.
Edward: And YouTubers are realizing, well, I'd love to be a podcast.
Edward: So there's a lot of these older companies that are tacking on AI. And that's kind of the issue: they're tacking it on. We're talking to all kinds of customers. And they just don't even know about the features because it's just buried somewhere.
Beck: What - you do this, this and this but it's an extra $99 a month?
Edward: Some of them have done that, and then we actually line things up and say, well, you're going to save this much on your hosting, you're going to save this much on your VA, you're going to save this much. Just think of the viral moments. Like the dollar amount math is super simple. And we're talking to qualified buyers. And that - qualified buyers means, you know, anybody who's doing a business and starting up marketing -
Edward: It's the 101s.
Edward: Exactly. And some of them, it's just become their life, right. It's kind of they accidentally get into it. But yeah, very early on we realized, those 19 meetings in the first two months, you know, the four that didn't buy it was those - they were not really qualified, right. It was just a hobby and they were not willing to spend any money because they weren't making any money. But the second you're talking to someone running a business, this is nothing.
Pascal: How much do production studios and agencies typically charge for podcast production and everything that you guys are doing?
Edward: Yeah, so it depends how high end they are. I've heard people, you know, it's like 25 an hour for like really low end and then for, you know, even just moderately you know big - we're talking a hundred bucks per episode. And they're doing multiple episodes a month that already pays for it. And some of them are doing 500 a month.
Edward: Yeah. So - so I don't have exact stats on that, but I - I mean, you know, there's a customer list out there and it's really just the top podcasts. Right.
Edward: And so the lists are public. We know who the customers are and our job is to make this so obvious we just run that list.
Edward: Right. I think eventually we will. Um But right now, it's us creating all that tooling for all those customers, and maybe we'll start with preferred partners that we can recommend to actually do that and work our way into that.
Pascal: Why not just try to build your own - like tech-enabled agency…
Edward: We want SAAS type numbers -
Edward: - and SAAS type results.
Pascal: What I'm trying to argue is with all this automation, you can build a services business with a software type business model and margin structure and everything.
Edward: I think that - that's what we're going to be getting towards. I can tell you, one of our agency customers, we don't do everything they do yet, but, you know, they're paying us $100 per pod and they make $6000 a month per customer. There's a lot of money on the table there.
Edward: We know it's on the table. We know where it is.
Edward: So the interesting thing is how fast we built this.
Edward: Like we started in May.
Edward: And, you know, I'm a full stack engineer and, you know, there's - there's no such thing as full full stack, and by full full stack I mean you're a 10 out of 10 on backend and frontend and UI, right.
Edward: So maybe you are. But -
Edward: But I can tell you, I was more tilted towards front end. But um with all the AI stuff, instead of using Stack Overflow, like, I'm just flying, doing all this stuff myself. And what I want to keep on is the product velocity. Like, we're growing really quick, we're adding, like, features and functionality really quick. We're building out that pipeline. There's the editing and recording, there's automating guest research. That is so much work. There's just so much there. There's such an ecosystem to build out, and really become that dominant company. I mean, I mean just our name alone. PodcastAI. Like, we have PodcastAI.com. It's a fantastic brand to build, I think. um
Edward: And, yeah, we want to build that out
Mac: What's to stop anybody else from doing this? What's the moat? How do you protect this?
Mac: What's to stop anybody else from doing this? What's the moat? How do you protect this?
Edward: Yeah. So I think with AI right now, people can build really fast. They can prototype real fast. But, you know, running a company is, you can't just be good at one thing. You gotta be good at a lot of things. And there's so much to build right now with AI. I'm in an accelerator right now, and our cohort, not a single company is doing the same thing. They're all doing something that's wedging in with AI, just because the unlock was so huge. But we just have a scope and vision that's pretty comprehensive. I mean, there's a company that'll turn your podcast into a website. There's plenty of companies that'll host your podcast. You know, who's actually coherently doing that all together? Well, that's PodcastAI.
Elizabeth: Are you doing editing as well, or no?
Edward: We're starting to get into it.
Edward: So - so I started using computers when I was five. Went to computer camp in '97. You know, went to doing PHP and everything in 1999. That's where I met my cofounder, actually, so we've been best friends for -
Edward: Since '99. He's from Switzerland.
Edward: So, you know, we were just in the same classroom. We realized we were the only two who spoke French. So we became best friends.
Edward: Yeah. So that's - that's how that started. His background is all ecommerce. Me, just software, doing software for the Mac, doing iOS software, I sold a product called uBar, which is like a Windows-type taskbar for the Mac. Tons of people use it all over the world. But, I kind of realized, okay, I want to do something that really scales. I want to do something huge. And we got together in 2019, started our first startup, and now, like the moment now, we're so excited because it's kind of like in the late 90s when the modern internet was being built, and we were too young by like this much -
Edward: And I can - like, this is - this is the moment.
Edward: Yes.
Elizabeth: How do you pull people off of their existing workflow to go with you?
Edward: So it's - it's a question of, you know, when we're running a sales call, it's okay, here's what we do, and we just sound them out on what piques their interest. And then we show them their aha moment. You know, it might be those chapters in 20 seconds, you know, it might be those viral moments that were killing them, or the social posts that go with it, or the entire back-searchable website with all the transcripts. We even have a chat with the AI versions of the hosts trained on the transcript with voice that you can have as an after QA. I mean, the sky's the limit with what we can build, and everybody has their aha moment that just makes that sale.
