Ray: Hi.
Ray: I'm Ray. I flew in from LA last night.
Ray: So my name is Ray Li. And I’m the founder and CEO of Sene. But before I get into our strategy, our technology, our traction and how we’re already killing it, I want you to take a quiz… so underneath your seats, you’re going to find iPads. So why don’t we pull those out.
Investor question: We get to keep these right?
Ray: If you open it should be questions.
Investor question: The first question is, how tall are you?
Investor question: What's my build?
Investor question: Did you guys get these questions?
Panel Investor: All right. Here we go.The first question is, how tall are you? I won’t answer that for the audience.
Panel Investor: Ooh. Question for everyone here. What's my build?
Panel Investor: Pear? Rect... Rhomboid?
Panel Investor: Which is good.
Ray: Now the quiz isn’t just a concept, and
Investor question: How’s the comfort level?
Panel Investor: Do some jumping jacks.
Panel Investor: What we're looking at is an athleisure suit.
Ray: So suits was our first product, our strategy is really a flagship strategy where there's the lifestyle brand at the top, Sene, which is all about fit, personalization. And then underneath it we have a series of flagship products. So the Flex Tech suit was the first one. And then in October, we launched our Ever Jean, which is, ah, custom jean made with um premium stretch denim. For the last seven consecutive months, we've been growing at 60% month over month. We're at a 1.6 million run rate. And that's bootstrapped to date.
Ray: And We're here today to raise 725,000. And that's to pour gasoline on the fire.
Investor question: Do you have a certain number of iterations and its best fit? Are you actually custom manufacturing?
Panel Investor: When, when you say custom, um, I know there's a few different models there, right. Do you have a certain number of iterations and its best fit? Are you actually custom manufacturing?
Ray: So, ours is actually truly custom. It's bespoke down to the level of, the reason you're getting the butt question is it's factored into the curvature of the waistband.
Investor question: How is that even possible?
Ray: Now what’s interesting about a quiz is actually if we can overlay a bunch of different pieces of data together, we can actually get really close to what, what you want. So if I know your height and your weight and your chest measurement, I can get to about 95% accuracy on the rest of your body measurements
Ray: And then if we overlay more information, so if we start to matrix together what you typically wear for jeans, and what you typically wear for tops - we can get really, really close.
Investor question: Do you, do you allow returns? Or exchanges?
Ray: So how we have this thing called the sixty day guarantee. Free alterations, remakes, exchanges and returns. I think the most important indicator about whether people are happy is return rate. Because typically in, in apparel it's the worst return rate for both online and brick and mortar, right. It's a little above 30%. Our return rate for online orders is sub 6%.
Ray: Yeah.So traditionally the way it’s done is custom clothiers, they’re only capturing body measurements. But then the factories are interpreting the measurements to generate a fit. In our case, we’re actually generating the technical pattern. We have three factories - so it goes to them. That’s laser cut, hand assembled. Then it’s shipped to us. Right now, we fulfil, and that’s sent to the customer. So right now, the lead time is about two and a half weeks. And then we think within two years we can get it down to about five to seven days from order to delivery. So that’s the goal. The goal is, you take the quiz, anywhere in the world, and then in five to seven days you get something that’s totally custom to you at no risk.
Investor question: So you have no inventory?
Ray: We have no inventory.
Investor question: So your customers today, where are they shopping for clothes? Or like, like, like, before your product?
Ray: Yeah. So on the suit side, you know, they're shopping at Lululemon, Ministry of Supply, Rhone, for some of the, and Theory. Um, some Bonobos.
Investor question: Is your price point about the same?
Ray: Our price point is less. So our custom suit, ah the Flex Tech suit is 595, and that comes with all the free alterations, remakes, exchanges and returns. On the denim side, we originally thought we were going to price lower, but we found that the threshold to buy was actually higher than what we thought. So we price at 185. Ah, Rag and Bone, 7 For All Mankind, those are 200 to $300 products.
Investor question: What are you doing differently? Or how do you think about scaling and be able to maintain both that quality but with this fully distributed model?
Panel Investor: So first of all, I wanted to congratulate you. I mean to get to completely bootstrapped, get a product to market, get to a seven figure run rate, that's certainly praiseworthy. Um, to give a little bit more color, so before I came to the venture world, I built a company in men's accessories. And we partnered with over 20 different custom suit makers. And what we found is a lot of great brands out there, but when you're talking about a product that's, I don't know, $500, $700, maybe even a thousand dollars, that little extra convenience of being able to fill out a survey in someone's home, didn't overcome either the lack of trust or really the lack of quality when it came to fit. So when you look at companies like Bonobos, Indochino, Black Lapel, they wind up creating some form of brick and mortar ah guide shop to really get that person a little bit more comfortable and over the edge. What are you doing differently? Or how do you think about scaling and be able to maintain both that quality but with this fully distributed model?
Ray: Traditionally, whether it's Indochino, or one of these other custom shops, you can't return the product. The other thing is, most people want to say, that looks awesome, get me that. And if I just have to answer a few questions to get there, great. And you make the brand pretty sick, and the products have to be great. I think that's another thing is the products have to be distinctive, and valuable, even if they were standard size. And then you delight them with the fact that it's much better than something off the rack that they’d bought.
Investor question: Even with the custom angle here, how do you compete against the consumer’s desire to want everything today? What have you found in terms of overcoming that barrier with customers?
Panel Investor: Even with the custom angle here, how do you compete against the consumer’s desire to want everything today? Everyone’s used to everything coming in 48 hours. What have you found in terms of overcoming that barrier with customers?
Ray: Yeah. So I think there’s … ultimately we do want to get to a point, and we think we can get there in about two years, where it can feel very similar to ordering anything else standard size online. Now, ah, in terms of how we compete, we’ve tended to focus flagship products in, at this stage, on things where fit matters. So you know for jeans, actually, especially for women, it’s very hard to find that standard size.
Ray: Awesome. And I think, people have spent years looking for the perfect jean, and some people still haven't found it. So the idea that, okay, I only have to wait two to three weeks to get something that's exactly what I want is super compelling.
Ray: I, I would say that my background before this was doing, um, sort of global rebrands for consumer product companies and tech companies. So I think for us we do feel like just within the products that we do ourselves is it’s a $100 million opportunity.
Investor question: is this a brand? Or is this a like technology?
Ray: Okay.
Ray: Thank you.
Investor question: So you're saying you shouldn't do it because that's not what you invest in?
Panel Investor: So you're saying you shouldn't do it because that's not what you invest in? Or you're saying...
Ray: I, I, I’m wondering if I communicated this incorrectly. Because the intent is to build the brand. I, I think the technology and the supply chain are competitive advantages to cut through the noise.
Ray: Right. And they're an enabler, they're not the reason, you know, we exist.
Ray: Sure. I think a reason we talked about the tech too is, it is actually part of the brand narrative. So like when we talk about our mission it's to empower people of all shapes and sizes to feel their best. And now we can use what we're doing to create something that's really special and beautiful and personal for people. It's not like we have this secret tech platform thing here and then we have the shiny brand here. It's like, this is...
Ray: Thank you.
