Juan-Pablo Segura: Really, my goal is to build a billion-dollar company.
Investor question: How many women did you study?
Juan-Pablo: So it was 50 on Babyscripts, with the optimized visit schedule being remote monitored.
Juan-Pablo: Yeah, exactly. Socks off. Alright cool. Um, so, hello everyone, my name is Juan-Pablo Segura, I'm one of the founders of Babyscripts. Growing up in a family of six, my mother being pregnant was a very familiar and beautiful concept with my siblings and I growing up. But it was also a scary time. My mother actually suffered from three miscarriages. The reasons why were beyond any person or doctor's understanding. No one knows why problems still to this day occur in pregnancy.
Juan-Pablo: And so we said, you know what? Technology and big data can start answering some of these questions.
Juan-Pablo: There is no company that has been able to really take connected medical devices and make them the standard of care. And everyone's talking about taking costs out of the hospital which is really expensive and into the home. You can't do that without connected medical devices.
Juan-Pablo: There's a blood pressure cuff and a weight scale that are both connected to the internet...
Juan-Pablo: So blood pressure is too high, too much weight gain or weight loss in a week, and if anything is wrong we tell the patient's doctor in real time so that the doctor can intervene.
Juan-Pablo: Pretty much. We've essentially been able to automate a lot of prenatal care using our devices and our app. Instead of patients going in 14 times to see their doctor, through Babyscripts, patients only go in 8 times.
Investor question: Do patients mind not having as many doctor's appointments?
Juan-Pablo: Yeah, so that's really where the controlled study was very important for us. And the way that we position the product. So #1, I mean we've proven that patients are more satisfied.
Investor question: How many women did you study?
Juan-Pablo: So it was 50 on Babyscripts, with the optimized visit schedule being remote monitored.
Juan-Pablo: But it actually it was powered clinically enough to be able to make a claim on it. Like, we took a very educated and scientific approach to it. So it was a powered study focused on satisfaction.
Juan-Pablo: You know, we’re generating 30 times the amount of data and touchpoints, um.
Investor question: But how can you generate that much data just from a scale and a cuff?
Juan-Pablo: Well, the reason why prenatal care exists as a category is actually to manage blood pressure. Everything else is an extension. So if you look at every visit that occurs in the pregnancy experience, you're always checking weight, always checking blood pressure, and answering questions. There are some visits where you're doing more, right. Ultrasounds, genetic tests. And we're not eliminating or optimizing those appointments. We're really focused on the routine appointments that occur early in the pregnancy, and a few a little later on in the pregnancy.
Juan-Pablo: Yeah sure.
Juan-Pablo: Typically, I mean, the way we've set it up, is that we alert them if there's an issue. For example, blood pressure's too high. Could be symptomatic of something called preeclampsia. This is very dangerous, right? So we'll obviously communicate concerns in that area. But if things are okay, and there are no triggers, most providers — because they're very busy — most doctors don't want to be bothered with a lot of data.
Juan-Pablo: Well, the problem is that there are gaps, right, in between the doctor's offices. So they're waiting sometimes two, three, four weeks in between appointments.
Juan-Pablo: We're capturing, on average, about 1.5 data points a week. So we're three times as likely, right, to detect a problem like that.
Investor question: Why can't the woman just have a cuff and step on the scale and put it into the app?
Juan-Pablo: Sure.
Juan-Pablo: Oh yeah. But that data is automatically sent to the cloud. What if there's a missed input, data point, where — what ends up happening is, if you’re not controlling the flow, and delivering, for example, devices that actually are accurate.
Juan-Pablo: So there's all that process we're taking care of, and that’s what’s driving...
Juan-Pablo: So, four million births.
Juan-Pablo: Yeah. 60% are low risk. Yep.
Investor question: What was the compliancy from your study?
Juan-Pablo: The compliance?
Juan-Pablo: Yeah, so we published, and it's actually a lot higher now, but we captured 75% of women every week were taking their weight, their blood pressure and using our app. Now, amongst our customer base, we're at around 90% compliant.
Juan-Pablo: But now we're in more than ten health systems around the country.
Investor question: So what does that represent in terms of patients?
Juan-Pablo: Yeah so, right now we have a thousand patients under management.
Investor question: So the doctors are your customers?
Juan-Pablo: Yep.
Juan-Pablo: In order for anything in digital healthcare to work, you have to work with the most trusted channel and partner in the healthcare experience. And that's the doctor. I could have gone consumer. And I think, sure, maybe I would have generated a million dollars, maybe, extra in sales. But really my goal is to build a billion-dollar company.
Juan-Pablo: For the entire experience. So essentially, we’ll go to them and say, “we have an incredible 21st-century experience that you can offer to your patients and so you should purchase from us, and we'll also help you make more money for every pregnancy that you deliver.”
Investor question: How do they make more money?
Juan-Pablo: Yeah so this is, it's very specific to how doctors get paid. Doctors in this country get paid something called a Global Fee for managing the entire pregnancy. So essentially, it's like a lump sum payment for managing the pre-natal care, the time spent delivering the child, then one post-partum visit. So it doesn't matter if a patient goes in 40 times or five times, the doctor gets paid the exact same amount of money.
Juan-Pablo: So we essentially help the doctors make more money because we allow them to still make the same amount of money, but they see pregnant patients about 40% less often in the office. And so they have 40% more time that they can use on another procedure, seeing more patients. And typically, a practice will make about $600 more per pregnancy, and the cost of Babyscripts is $300. So they make about 100% return on investment when they work with us.
Juan-Pablo: And again, how do you mitigate the risk of a C-section? How are you able to intervene if a patient is gaining too much weight in between visits? Well you need a system that can capture incredible amounts of data in between appointments and essentially intervene behaviorally if there are issues. And Babyscripts, we've created the piping to be able to do that.
Juan-Pablo: I don't see that happening. I see it actually going the other way, which is it's going to be more and more focused on finding more things to include in that lump sum so that they don't have to pay as much for more services or problems that occur in the pregnancy.
Investor question: How much revenue have you generated to date?
Juan-Pablo: I mean, it's around $400,000.
Juan-Pablo: Yeah, so it's basically been, this year is like our first-year revenue.
Juan-Pablo: So this is like the first year for us. And so, yeah, I mean, we've booked already $400,000. I believe I can get to around $700,000 by the end of this year with all of the deals we have in our pipeline. I mean, if you really think about what we're doing —
Juan-Pablo: — and this is where I think it really gets interesting — the model we've delivered is actually triple aim healthcare. Because we're reducing the cost of care, we're improving access to care — so we reduce the cost of care by 40%, we improve access to care because you can get care wherever you are through the app and the devices — and we're actually improving outcomes. So that literally, we've had interventions where we've saved lives. Babyscripts has done that.
Investor question: So what are you raising? And what are the terms?
Juan-Pablo: Yeah, we're raising 3.5 million to really expand our sales reach and onboard 20 more customers, health system customers.
Juan-Pablo: Yeah. So it's a $10 million pre-money.
Investor question: 5 million do you have committed so far?
Juan-Pablo: So about $2.5 million.
Juan-Pablo: That's awesome.
Juan-Pablo: Oh wow. Okay. That's awesome. Thank you.
Juan-Pablo: Oh geez. Okay.
