John: Hi guys. Thanks for joining me and for having me.
Panel Investor: Jiobit?
John: Jiobit. Like geolocation. And bit like small.
John: So about two years ago, almost exactly, my wife and I took our family to downtown Chicago. I'm from Chicago we showed up, oceans of people, of course. We go to a park, oceans of kids. Parents' nightmare, kids' dream. My wife and I split up. I took my son, my wife took my daughter. So, I had my son. I looked left or I can't tell you exactly how, but I think you guys, many of you have kids, probably a little bit older, but you remember when you just can't see them for a second. I look left, I look right, poof, Ethan is his name, he's gone. A couple of seconds turn into a couple of minutes. A couple of minutes turn to ten minutes.
John: So I recruit parents. We’re running around, I’m telling them what he looks like, I have my phone out, I’m showing pictures. And thirty minutes later, I never found him. He found me.
Investor question: How did he find you?
John: I suspect he actually probably always saw sort of where he was. And I Just never saw him.
John: I came back from this and I bought every single type of tracking device I could possibly get my hands on.They're all just like terrible. Big bulky shoddy engineering, no innovation, no design. They lasted maybe a day if that. Every time I go to grab them they're out of power. And I thought, hey,I've always wanted to start my own business. And just never had the right idea. And so I pitched my wife the idea and she said, let's go do it.
John: It is the world's smallest and longest lasting smart tag. We call it a smart tag.
John: And I can just show you, too. Always good to show and tell when you have a physical product. So this is Jiobit.
John: Yeah, a little bit.
John: So there's a childproof lock system, so similar to like you have a medicine bottle, where you have to have a certain amount of dexterity to actually remove it. we have a similar type of child lock mechanism.
John: Yeah, they don't know that they don't work.
Investor question: So how do you distinguish yourself?
Investor question: How is this product unique and different? What's the technology that makes it special?
Panel Investor: Yeah, I agree with you. How is this product unique and different? What's the technology that makes it special?
John: So uhh.. what we, our primary tech what we call is progressive beaconing.And what it does is really tries to solve the battery problem that so many consumer electronics have, particularly location products that just draw an amazing amount of battery. Which is why they only last about a day. Through this technology breakthrough, we can last up to 30 times longer than the best products on the market today.
John: Up to 60 days.
John: No, so the way the progressive beaconing works, it traverses all the different radio frequencies. It really has all the same tech that’s in your smartphone, but in something the size of about a quarter. So every radio that’s in your smartphone, Bluetooth, Wi-Fi, cellular, GPS, all in our custom systems architecture.
Investor question: And so why do you need to conserve battery if the use case is a day trip with your children?
John: Yeah. So what I found was every time, well, I have lots of things I charge in my house. Like, tablets, computers, phones. And so even though sometimes I would use it for day trips, but actually I was using it most every day, because they go to school, I never knew when this would happen. So I was putting it on them all the time.
Panel Investor: To Daniel's pointwhy not just charge it every night?
John: So one thing that I found when I was using these products was that when I did go to use them every day or when I wanted to use them, they were always out of battery. I just forgot. And for us, having something that could just take out a little bit more anxiety in my day, make things just a little bit easier, and not have to worry about charging this thing all the time, made my life a lot easier for that.
Investor question: And so what's the differentiation here? Is it the core 30x longer technology? Is it the go-to-market?
Panel Investor: okay.
The investors look a bit dubious. Sure, charging things is kind of a pain in the ass — but is it a big enough pain to build a whole company around?
Panel Investor: it's a reasonably crowded landscape for these general beaconing devices. And so what's the differentiation here? Is it the core 30x longer technology? Is it the go-to-market?
John: So software-wise, obviously mom and dad have a smartphone app. Software on the device itself. We use machine learning to employ different types of routes and behaviors and machines. So like a Nest thermostat. You don't really set it up, it just kind of learns what you do with it. Same here.
John: It learns where home is, it learns where school is, it learns the bus route. Tells you when you get to school, tells when you don't get to school.
Investor question: Why is that important?
John: Because I want to know when my child deviates from that routine. If they're taking the same path to school every day, I'm fine. Don't tell me any differently. But if they're not, that's when I want to know.
Investor question: So it alerts you when they deviate?
John: Correct. It will send me a push message right to my phone.
Investor question: Do any of the other products out there do that?
John: No. Nope. So we....
John: Yeah of course.
Investor question: But how does this how does this differentiate if the child has a phone and you’re able to track them using the phone?
John: So in more affluent neighborhoods you're right. On average though in the United States, definitely not.
John: And exactly why we…
John: Exactly why we want with scale. Bringing that down to the price points we talked about. We're obviously going to have higher costs right away. And you're totally right, as you scale, those are the price points you want to be at. A two-year-old, a three-year-old isn't going to have a smartphone, right. So you need to have something that's not a phone for those age groups.
John: Yeah. I mean we are...
John: Totally.
Investor question: so why the initial focus on the kid problem when you could be solving a gazillion other problems?
John: People that we, we did open up kind of a soft launch without really doing any marketing, and those pre-order people started hitting us up and they started buying it for pets. A pretty natural extension given that people that don't have kids but pets, many times treat them like children, or just as important. They're their most precious asset. And the battery life is obviously super important to those, because you don't want to go take it off your collar every 24 hours, right. So having something that lasts 30 days, 60 days is super important
Investor question: why haven’t you, why don’t you guys just test ten form factors in ten verticals?
Panel Investor: why haven’t you, why don’t you guys just test ten form factors in ten verticals? Do pets, do kids. If it’s not that hard to change the form factor, put it all up on the site, spend six months really figuring it out. I Just worry that we’ve hit this local maximum around kids. We’ve anchored around kids because you had this experience, and obviously that’s important. But is there a 10x bigger business right next to us that we’re not seeing.
We’ve seen this before, sometimes investors get so captivated with an idea that they can’t help but imagine a whole new world of possibilities. Possibilities that appear to have a much bigger payout at the end of the rainbow.
But what happens when that pot of gold isn’t the same pot o’ gold the entrepreneur is going after
John: For now, we're focused on two consumer markets. As we expand, these are things we'll definitely be looking at. But for the two consumer markets, I mean brand is just as important as tech. And building that out. So we are starting to invest in that.
John: I totally agree. And this is exactly the reason why we're launching pets in two weeks. And exactly why we're taking those conversations with those companies, to talk about and understand what their needs are, and we're coming to realize the same product can be used. We actually don't have to change the software
Investor question: So have you launched this product yet?
John: We have not. So we will ship it in a couple months.
Investor question: And what are you looking to raise and at what valuation?
John: We raised $4.6 million already to really develop all the technology.
Panel Investor: You raised $4.6 million?
John: Yes.
Investor question: What valuation?
John: Ah, our post money is 13.
John: We've been doing betas already on our first product. So this product here, we changed the design. So this has been in beta for some time.
Investor question: What do your orders look like right now?
John: So we haven't spent any marketing. We sold about $75,000 worth of inventory with monthly recurrings of $8,000.
John: Like a week.
Investor question: You've done $75,000 of sales in a week?
John: Yeah.
John: We’ll be... February.
John: And this would give us another 12 months.
