Courtney: Good morning guys.
Courtney: Hi guys.
Courtney: We’re literally transforming an entire industry, I mean this is a more than a hundred year old industry.
Courtney: My name is Courtney Caldwell, and together with my cofounder Tye, we're the creators of a B2B mobile platform called ShearShare.
Tye: We started way back in 2012.
Courtney: Seems like forever ago.
Courtney: the way that stylists find professional space to work has not changed since 1916 you sign a long-term contract, then you're literally renting out of this one particular chair or suite for three, five, even ten years And that stylist is then paying out a weekly booth rent, or a monthly booth rent. So you're literally locked into a contract.
Tye: I realized in the course of six to nine months that nobody was trying to sign a long-term lease. But I had interest from a stylist who wanted to rent my space by the day
Tye: So we thought about it and said, you know what? My station and suite is collecting dust rather than dollars So I took her out to lunch, asked her a few questions. We both decided to give it a whirl And lo and behold, we both enjoyed the process. We both enjoyed the experience.
Courtney: And so we told her our idea and what we've been going through and she was like, she paused, and then she said, okay, that's a billion dollar idea
Tye: You’re slaying right now!
Courtney: Great question.
Investor question: but what's the value to them?
Courtney: So the benefit to the salon is that they have an empty space. They're already paying overhead for that space. So there's excess capacity; they get to monetize that. That person gets to literally come in, they have their own book of business, so they're not taking clients off the street, they're not taking walk-ins. They get there, they do their clients, and then they're done
Panel Investor: just so I’m clear. So the stylist, they’re coming in for like two days a week?
Tye: Two days a week.
Courtney: Their own clientele, yes.
Tye: Exactly.
Courtney: And they don’t want to pay a long term, they don’t want to be locked in.
Tye: It’s a consistency.
Panel Investor: What are they doing for the rest of the...
Tye: They’re licensed professionals, so they’re constantly doing this.
Panel Investor: But if they’re part time in the salon, are they part time in another salon?
Tye: They’re meeting their clients where they’re at so they may have a pod of clients in Berkeley. The may have a pod of clients in Palo Alto So they’ll put all those clients together on Wednesday, Thursday, Friday and say these are the days that I’ll be in Palo Alto.
Investor question: Do you see that as being competitive?
Panel Investor: So I'm an investor in Stylisted you know stylists come to your home, to your office, whatever So how do you view that in terms of the competitive landscape? Do you see that as being competitive?
Tye: I don't see it as being competitive in a sense, because you are catering to the customer But most people want to get out, put some clothes on, get out, meet their friends, and have the experience of the salon.
Courtney: Good thought But when you think about the stylists, they want the freedom and flexibility to do whatever they want to do. So whether or not their clientele wants a salon experience, or someone wants a quick blow-dry. Like, I would never get my hair done at home. Never. Would never get a service in my home.
Tye: So people that are using Stylebee or Stylisted, they still may want to use this
Panel Investor: In addition to?
[crosstalk]
Courtney: We actually have stylists who use us. Who do the on demand, and people who work full-time...
Tye: Yes.
Courtney: And it depends on how the stylist wants to build their book of business. Because a lot of stylists want to build their clientele in other cities, and how can they do that without having a salon, per se. And the own data that we have. We didn’t even mention that. We have data that no one else has ever had access to. Like how much is a stylist willing to pay to work by the day? Where are they going? Are they staying in their town? Are they going across state to state? How many clients are they doing? So we can ask these questions now.
Investor question: What's your traction?
Courtney: So we launched the beta app in September 2016. By design, we made sure that we built up the supply side of the marketplace first, because having to go out and educate salon owners, as you can imagine, who have been doing the same thing for over 100 years, helping them understand this is a brand-new revenue stream for you. So we are now in 380 cities in 11 countries. We're growing 20% month over month
Investor question: how many users does that represent?
Courtney: So 1900 monthly active users.
Panel Investor: Sorry? 1900 monthly active users?
Courtney: The salons and the stylists. So we have 700 hosts on the platform.
Panel Investor: Okay. 700 salons. 1200 stylists?
Tye: And 11 countries. That’s the spread it out.
Tye: But the eleven countries?
Courtney: We have Russia, Germany, Barbados...
Courtney: One in many. Yes. One in Russia. One in Germany. We focus on the US.
Investor question: So of those 700 salons, what's your biggest city today?
Courtney: Dallas. Dallas and New York. Dallas, New York and LA.
Panel Investor: Okay, and how many salons is that?
Courtney: There are over 2500 in Dallas.
Courtney: Oh yeah. We're just scratching the surface.
Courtney: That's exactly what we're doing right now.
Investor question: You’d have to do that in one city, though, right?
Courtney: We’re focusing on Dallas, exactly. Because that’s home base for us, for one. But also because we’ve been winning in Dallas And you guys honestly sound like one of our very last team meetings, where we said we have to go deep in our top three cities, but we’re going to really focus hard on Dallas. And we’re creating a playbook, mind you, that we can just copy and paste for every other city.
Courtney: A month. Okay So with the current hosts that we have, the average revenue for that particular host per month it's really about $800 a month, roughly.
Investor question: And that's gross, net to you guys?
Panel Investor: And that's gross, net to you guys? Or is that...
Courtney: That's the booking, top line.
Courtney: Right now.
Courtney: Yes.
Investor question: So what's your monthly recurring revenue?
Courtney: $18,700 was last month.
Investor question: Are a lot of the salons inactive? Are a lot of the stylists inactive?
Investor question: What's that?
Panel Investor: It just seems like there are a lot of, you have a lot of salons and a lot of users, relatively speaking, stylists, and revenue... Something doesn't make sense to me. Revenue is very low compared to... Are a lot of the salons inactive? Are a lot of the stylists inactive?
Panel Investor: And to piggyback off that, you kind of do the math, and you say there are 2000 not even salons, like total clinics, salons in Dallas. You're getting $200 per premises per month. What's that? That's 400k in market size, if you get 100% of the market in a pretty big city. I guess to Phil's point, what are we missing there? Because that's a pretty small market size.
Courtney: No. So...
Tye: I think what they're asking is just the consistency of use. So what you're seeing is the use, but the consistency, once the consistency ramps up, those numbers will get...
Tye: No the stylists will use it much more.
Investor question: Is that kind of accurate?
Panel Investor: It sounds to me like you’ve got salons that for sure say I have some seats open, I’d love to do this. And then you have stylists that say, I love this, this is amazing, but it’s not that often maybe that they have... Like they have their core clients at their salon, and then they have their independent ones. And there may not be that many, because the culture hasn’t fully shifted yet. Is that kind of accurate?
Panel Investor: But you’ve got to believe a massive culture shift to get there, right?
Tye: So you may have one person, okay, say they use it one time a month. And so they say, well, you know what, I like what I'm doing, my clientele is getting bigger, I'm going to use it eight times a month, twice a week. And still have a home salon.
Panel Investor: The stylist is making that decision?
Courtney: The stylist makes that decision.
Tye: So those are the numbers where you may say it's low, but the consistency and the more usage...
Panel Investor: My gut is they have their core business and this is where they get extra revenue right? As a stylist?
Tye: Yes. And that is the case when they’re already in their contract. When they get out of their contract, we have people that’s out of their contract, that are using it. Because they’re not working, it’s seven in days a week, they’re not working but four days in a week, they’re working three days in a week. So they’re using ShearShare because they don’t have to worry about the overhead costs anymore now.
Tye: We really believe we’re in the front of it. We’re in the front of the shift.
Courtney: And forgive me, I didn’t get to give our professional backgrounds.
Courtney: So 25 years in beauty and barbering. 20 years as an award-winning salon owner. Bestselling author on how to achieve long-term success in the beauty and style industry. Books available on Amazon.com.
Investor question: What’s the name of it?
Courtney: Mentored By Failure. He never likes to talk about himself. That’s why I have to do the ad for him. And he’s a doctorate. He has his doctorate degree in professional barbering. So like top of the top of the top of the top.
Investor question: Are you the only one?
Panel Investor: A doctorate in professional barbering? That’s amazing.
Courtney: There are celebrity stylists.
Tye: There’s only a few. And they are very high in the industry. Celebrities. Travel.
Panel Investor: Where did you, I’m curious where did you...
Tye: Miracle University in Virginia. Martinsville, Virginia.
Courtney: So my background is 20 years in tech marketing. B2B technology marketing. So I used to run Oracle's digital strategy and innovations group worldwide. Had P&L across five continents. We’re the right team to figure out this problem. And we’re doing it. Every day. Everyday we get phone calls, I’m gonna cry.
Tye: Don’t make me cry.
Courtney: Saying that...
Panel Investor: Cry?
Courtney: Literally.
Tye: Thank you.
Courtney: Thank you.
