Investor question: Do you love the problem you're working on?
Kavitta: Hey everyone.
Kavitta: Kavitta.
Kavitta: . Hi. Kavitta. Nice to meet you.
Kavitta: . Nice to meet you. Kavitta.
Kavitta: . Nice to meet you. Kavitta.
Kavitta: I'm excited. This is my first time in Miami and for a very good reason, too. So - happy to be here. Thank you for sharing some time with me.
Kavitta: Wooo. Hi guys. I'm ready.
Kavitta: My name is Kavitta. I am the cofounder and CEO at Nectir and we are building the classroom of the future. Well, I think the best place to start is why I'm here. I am autistic and I have ADHD, so no classroom that I've ever been in before has felt comfortable for me or my brain to be in. And then I got to college, and I started paying $40,000 to be really uncomfortable, and that's when it became enough of a pain point that I said either I'm going to drop out or I'm going to do something about it. And I had no idea what that something was until I took a class that changed my idea of what education could look like. I took a class the summer between my sophomore and junior year taught by a grad student instructor. So we walk in on the first day and, before he says a word, he turns around and he writes the link to a Slack workspace on the board. And he turns back to us and he says, you're not gonna raise your hand in this class. You're not gonna send me or the TA a single email. You're not even gonna come into office hours. If you have any questions, whether it's in the middle of lecture or it's 3 in the morning before a midterm, your first line of action is to put it in the Slack chat, because I guarantee that one of the 149 people around you will have a better and faster answer for you than me or the TA will. And he said, on top of that, if you answer someone's question really well, I'll give you extra credit for it, because that lets me know that you understand the material so well you can then turn around and teach it to the person next to you. When he said that, the entire energy of the class shifted. It was like 150 people turned into 15, and it felt like elementary school again when you're sitting with your six table mates and you know you're going to be best friends by the end of the year. I left that class with the highest grade that I got in college and more friends than I had ever made before. And for the first time, experienced what it was like to actually be in an accessible classroom for me and everyone else. I walked away from that class and I approached UCSB and I said, somebody explain to me why, if me and 26,000 other people are paying you $40,000, why can't you put Slack in all of our classes? Why do you keep giving us technology that looks like it was built by someone who hasn't seen a classroom for the last ten years? And they very kindly sat me down and walked me through the logistical hell of putting a separate Slack workspace in 1500 classes every quarter, teaching professors who are on average 55 how to use an enterprise level tool that they haven't seen before, and then paying an enterprise level cost for 26,000 students every year. They said, it sounds good in theory. But this will never work across an entire campus because Slack isn't built for schools. And I think you could literally see a lightbulb appear above my head in that moment, and I said, then I'm going to build it. We - my cofounder and I spent the next year in that same office, asking them what would you buy? What does it have to look like for this to work across an entire campus? And we built exactly that. A year later, we got all 26,000 students at UCSB using Nectir in almost every single class, with the instructors being the champion of it. And we got UCSB to pay us $60,000 a year for it, so we got our tuition back.
Kavitta: After that, we went on to raise our pre-seed round, and those same professors were our first investors. Eight months ago, we launched Nectir to the world, and since then I, as our one-woman sales and marketing team, have built a $35 million pipeline and we've already closed five campus-wide contracts from that. And now we're here to raise our $3 million seed round to help us finally build out our sales team, and partner with the right investors who can teach us how to build this into the billion dollar company that we know that it can become, and who want to be right by our side when we usher in the next iteration of teaching and learning around the world. Thank you.
Kavitta: Thank you.
Kavitta: Understandable.
Kavitta: Yep.
Kavitta: Totally.
Kavitta: Yeah. Absolutely. So I think the first thing that I want to get out of the way is we have two very distinct sales cycles. For contracts that are under 20k, that's a four to six week sales cycle. If it's within the 20 to 100k, it's gonna take three to six months. If it's over 100k, that's the typical nine to 12 month sales cycle that everyone hates, but we have gone through it before, and we're going through it right now with four different schools that have contracts over 100k, and we're already at the contract negotiation point with them. But - I've actually been working on this for five years. Two and a-half of those were when we were in school, and we made sure that we did not go raise money until we actually knew what we were doing. So the number one thing that I think people don't realize about ed tech is, there is one evergreen tool that every single school must have. It's the LMS. The learning management system. So that is where you're registering for your classes, you have your grades, all that good stuff. When you bring a tool to a campus, as good as it may be, if it doesn't integrate with that LMS, they won't use it. And so what we did was we took that LMS integration a level deeper. We made an iframe integration. Seems like it's a simple thing to do, but nobody else has done it. So what we've built, essentially Slack for schools, it sits actually housed inside of the LMS, and we see 79% of our usage come directly through that.
Investor question: Who do you talk to? Who's the champion? Who's the decision maker and who has to say yes?
Kavitta: Yeah. So easy first answer off the bat - the CIO and the Vice Provost are the person in higher education who are usually making that decision, if it is a campus-wide contract. If we're doing a department contract, then it's the Dean. The way that we were able to get a 34% reply rate, 17% meeting booked rate on our first cold outreach ever, was we decided to go the hyper personalized route. So we built a scraper that found any article that mentioned ChatGPT that had dot edu at the end of it, and that meant that a school was already talking about ChatGPT. And then we found the author of the article, and whoever they mentioned in it, and we emailed both of those people and asked for a user interview. And that is pretty much how we built the entire pipeline and the product itself.
Investor question: What percentage of students use it? Like, do you have any information on the activity level?
Kavitta: UCSB's probably the best example, because we've been there the longest. Every year, UCSB has 6500 new students, so those are freshmen and transfers. For the last three years that we've been on that campus, we get all 6500 new students to sign up with no more marketing whatsoever. And that's how we know the network effect is working. But what we realized very quickly is that vanity metrics are just that. They don't actually care about how many messages are sent or who's going on there. They care about: does it have pedagogical effects? That's what they're buying it for. And so we actually just did our second renewal last week. And we doubled the price of that contract because they were so happy with the results of it. So the school was Arkansas State University Mid-South. It is a tiny little campus in the middle of nowhere. And it's one of those schools where they just see so many students dropping out. They are not able to get students to actually get to the finish line. And they said, we need to be building a sense of belonging amongst them, because that's what's going to save them from dropping out, and we totally agreed. And we said, okay, let's stay there for a year and see what results we get if every single student on campus uses this. We just got the results last week: every single class that used Nectir was able to increase the class average by a full letter grade. That is the usage metric that we're looking at.
Investor question: When people don't buy, why do they not buy?
Kavitta: The soft no's that we've gotten, and we have not gotten a hard no yet, which is nice, but it's because they don't have an AI sort of committee yet. I think that's the main thing that's stopping a lot of larger campuses, is they want to make sure that they have guidelines in place for bringing on AI technology. So what we've done with Nectir is every single class channel comes built in with SOMA, which is your AI teaching assistant. And essentially, we have created AI infrastructure where the school gets to choose the LLM that they use, so schools like Stanford, Harvey Mudd, they're actually using this with their own LLM. And then the teacher in that channel gets to upload the data of their choice, their syllabus, their lecture notes, whatever they like, and that sets the parameters for what SOMA is able to answer for the students in that channel. And so we can give you a way where you know your content is the only thing that's being fed back to your students, they still get the advantage of being able to use AI and get an instant answer, but then you have visibility into how your students are using it. But for the schools that have said no, it's because they're just not ready to bring on AI yet.
Investor question: Is - is there a way for you to help them with that?
Kavitta: Absolutely. So before we even built SOMA, we did a thousand user interviews with faculty, staff, admin and students, anyone who would take our call, and we said, what scares you the most about AI? What excites you the most about it? And for teachers we said if you had a magic wand and you could take one thing off of your plate forever, what would it be? And the consistent answers that we heard across the board were: I'm scared that my students are going to go to ChatGPT and get information that isn't correct, and I won't be able to catch it in time. Once it's in their brain, it's there, and I can't correct it. And when they said what they never wanted to do again, they said, I never want to answer a stupid question again, because I get dozens of emails asking me about something that is in the syllabus, and I have to just sit there and keep answering it. And we said, we can fix both of those.
Kavitta: Nectir is a dollar per student per month. So $12 per student per year. So we're at 80k in revenue, and that is four contracts that are under 20k, and then UCSB is at 60k.
Investor question: How much of that do you have committed, if any at all? And what is the valuation you're looking for for this round?
Kavitta: Yeah. So we actually started this round mid-October, which, I know, wonderful timing right before the holidays. I just love to challenge myself. We have out of that three, a million circled, and we're saving one and a-half for our lead, and so we have 500,000 still open right now. And I am in the middle of diligence with 11 funds, one where I'm in confirmatory diligence for our lead. And now it's time for us to bring on one of the major ed tech VCs, because that puts a lot of firepower behind the name for other schools. And so it's a bit more of a strategic round, in my opinion, obviously other than needing that capital infusion.
Kavitta: Yeah. So our pre-seed round, we did two and a-quarter at an eight post. And to be honest, I'm really not looking for a huge bump in valuation. I know it might be foolish to say, but in this market, I'm willing to do a flat round because I know that based on our projections, that $35 million pipeline, worst case scenario, gets us to 2 million ARR by Q4 of 2025, at which point I know I'll have the leverage for a really good series A. And so I want to keep the valuation to a conservative place at this round.
Kavitta: Yes.
Investor question: So have you thought about raising at a higher valuation?
Kavitta: Absolutely. I think, if I'm being very self-aware about it, there's definitely a part of this of being a female founder. You go out and take what you can get. And so being in such a terrible market, I know that I'm going up against all of the challenges. The sales cycle, the market itself. And so I'm at a place where I know that this company will thrive. I know I can build this into a billion dollar company and change the world. I just need to find the right people early on who believe in me to do that. If it comes down to it, I think that we would do it, because I want to have the extra capital. So my previous investors did let us know -
Kavitta: Yeah.
Investor question: What valuation would you like to see for this round?
Kavitta: Okay. Good question.
Kavitta: I went into this with the hope of 12 pre, 15 post. And that to me feels fair, because I know what we've been able to achieve that other companies in our space have not in a much longer time than we've been around.
Kavitta: Okay.
Kavitta: Okay.
Kavitta: Okay.
Kavitta: Got ya.
Kavitta: Thank you.
Kavitta: Thank you. And I totally understand. I have been following you and on Twitter for years -
Kavitta: And you guys have taught me so much. So I feel like I've already gotten so much value from you.
Kavitta: So I really appreciate it. Thank you.
Investor question: How many people are in the company right now?
Kavitta: Six including my cofounder. Four engineers, one head of community that manages the active schools, and then I am all of sales and marketing.
Kavitta: Ah. Okay. So the issue that we're running into is because I am the only person who's on the actual sales calls, it's limited to my schedule. And so I need to bring someone in who is able to manage the under 20k contracts, because I know how to do those longer contracts.
Kavitta: Exactly. And I have the relationships with those schools, so I know that I will always be the closer. So I need someone who can come in and those two to four week contracts, they take two meetings to close. They can handle those.
Kavitta: Slack, before Covid, had 6% of higher ed institutions using them. That number has not increased much after Covid. If you have a Slack contract, it's $15 per student per month, which is impossible to pay.
Kavitta: And then it requires the teachers themselves to create a brand new workspace every quarter. So it's just not feasible. And actually we have three schools in the pipeline that have Slack right now, and have come to us in order to convert.
Investor question: In your contacts with these schools, how long are they?
Kavitta: So schools usually come a year earlier and start looking for the tools and setting it all up, because in January is when they start writing those items into the budget for that following school year.
Kavitta: Ah, got ya.
Kavitta: Mhm.
Kavitta: Right.
Kavitta: Thank you. Yeah. UCSB is on a ten-year contract right now.
Kavitta: Thank you. That's awesome. And I love that you have that experience of not only teaching a class yourself and using it and seeing the problem, but then being on the student side yourself.
Kavitta: Because I think that is exactly what we're looking for in this round, is those partners who are going to come in and be just as angry as we are that for some reason we're still using a 400-year-old classroom model.
Kavitta: And be the ones to really help us change that.
Kavitta: And I will say, nobody mentioned flat round, and I always do this to myself. I - okay -
Kavitta: I don't know why no one said it to me, and I was like, I'll do it! And I keep getting this reaction of like, you don't have to. And I'm like, no, it's okay, I'll do it.
Kavitta: I know.
Kavitta: And I'm lucky that I haven't -
Kavitta: Thank you.
Kavitta: I will never say it again.
Kavitta: Yeah.
Investor question: you want to go?
Kavitta: Thank you.
Kavitta: No.
Kavitta: Okay.
