Investor question: Do you love the problem you're working on?
Nilo: Hi.
Nilo: Hey you guys.
Nilo: Hi. I'm Nilo Rahmani, CEO and cofounder of Thoras AI.
Jen: And I'm Jen Rahmani, COO and cofounder of Thoras AI.
Nilo: We're here today to talk to you about the importance of reliability. Now, we've all seen that dreaded webpage that apologizes for an outage. It looks something like, "sorry, we're currently experiencing issues. Please try again later." And that's very frustrating for both customers and the businesses. So who gets called when that problem arises?
Jen: We do. Dev ops and site reliability engineers have a ton of responsibilities. We deploy cloud resources based on how we perceive demand to avoid the apology webpage. We also - we also -
Nilo: We have to also work on ensuring that we keep cloud costs at a minimum, and we have to do this kind of based on our tuition.
Jen: We also need to make sure we optimize on speed and performance.
Nilo: And the problem is, we can't predict the future. So enter Thoras AI. We provide an AI-driven utility that forecasts cloud consumption and scales infrastructure in real time. This empowers enterprises to be able to be efficient and reliable in terms of when there's high demand, and so that they're preventing outages and performance issues as well. This also kind of doubles as a cost optimization platform. Our studies have shown that we can increase reliability and efficiency by up to 50% for a cloud-based system while decreasing cloud costs by up to 50% as well. And so currently we have five design partnerships and we have a very large and fast growing customer pipeline as well.
Jen: We're raising a million dollars to tackle diverse cloud workloads and position Thoras AI to rapidly attack - rapidly scale the market.
Investor question: Are your clients using like Datadog, New Relic - like, is this like a replacement for kind of Gen 1 network performance management systems?
Nilo: That's a great question. So when you're paying for something like Datadog, I like to say you're just paying for your insights and graphs. And people pay a lot of money for that.
Nilo: We want to reinvent that. You know, since we're gonna be grabbing utilization metrics, we - we give them these dashboards, these insights anyway, so they can stop paying for them. We also act as that proactive anomaly detection, so not only are we going to give you recommendations, eventually, we want to get to a point where they trust us to kind of autonomously scale. So if you think about like two in the morning, you're not really having a lot of usage. What we can do is bring down your servers or your - any services, not just servers - in the cloud to a minimum, so that you're sort of allocating your resources properly.
Investor question: Can you talk a little bit more about your design partnerships? Like what do - what form does that take and how did you meet those companies?
Jen: Sure. So a lot of them has been from cold outreach. We just reached out to a lot of these customers and kind of explained the problem, and a lot of them were very interested. We have been playing around with different industries: streaming, ecommerce, trying to make sure that we're building a product that is able to address all of these industries, and we're going through a three-month pilot with them.
Investor question: And how - is it a paid pilot?
Jen: They're paid pilots. They range between 500 and $1500.
Jen: Per month.
Investor question: Can you talk a little bit more about your backgrounds and like familiarity with the problem?
Jen: Sure. I can start. So my background has been in the federal space. um I most recently deployed mission critical AI applications on the cloud. And so this is kind of where I dealt with this unpredictability reliability problem, right. And I'll let Nilo talk about her problem -
Nilo: So I worked as a site reliability engineer. I've worked at a local cybersecurity startup in Northern Virginia, which went unicorn. And I also worked at Slack. And so when you have that many users, it really does teach you about scalability and building for resiliency. I also went back to do my masters at Georgia Tech, where I focused on interactive intelligence kind of before AI blew up. And I remember, that was kind of my aha moment. The same principles apply to server utilization. And when I would kind of present this, before, everyone was like, no, it can never do what a human can do. So I think now, there's a timing aspect to this, right. Customers and enterprises really are more inclined than ever to be able to transform workloads using AI. Now everyone's kind of racing to use AI.
Nilo: Oh.
Nilo: I mean, we've been engineers the last ten years. Like, the storytelling piece is something you just have to learn.
Nilo: I'm still learning as a founder.
Investor question: Where are you with the product right now?
Nilo: We initially started, like every founder, building the product that we thought everybody needed. And so we very quickly decided to kind of put the customers first. So we started seeking out, essentially, different customers in different industries because the cloud industry, as you know, is so vast, and this is something that really could affect everyone. So up until this point, we have been sort of running this kind of with our own synthetic data. We're now getting to the point with these pilots where we're gonna be integrating into a customer's environment and working very closely with them to tailor it for their needs.
Investor question: Is it mostly about uptime?
Nilo: Yeah. Um, I think years ago, reliability was always the priority. It was always more important to make sure you can make money than save money. But then, you know, we're kind of seeing trends where, you know, these big companies are trying to cut costs all the time. So it's really just trying to find that balance. And I think that's the big value proposition, is that we've landed on the technology that acts as that double-edged sword that not only right-sizes your environment so you're reliable, but then you're not spending more than what you actually need.
Investor question: Have you raised any money to date?
Nilo: We have soft commits for about 800,000 of the million. And so we're going through diligence with the lead investor who's offered to lead the round, and then we are also working with angel investors and a small family office.
Jen: Mhm.
Nilo: Yep.
Investor question: Can you share terms on the round?
Nilo: So it's one on a $6 million post money val cap.
Investor question: How big is the team?
Jen: It's just us. Well, we have a team of three.
Jen: We're looking to hire an additional machine learning engineer as well.
Nilo: Yeah. And we have us and a founding engineer.
Investor question: What do you think's the important thing to validate or solve in the context of the million?
Nilo: I think, the question is can the machine learning based-scaling outperform the human approach. To me, it's so obvious. And then we've done our own studies on this. But the number one question is well, have you been able to do it for a customer?
Nilo: So I think what we're really excited about this quarter is getting into the customers' environments and validating that approach.
Nilo: A hundred percent. And that's why it's always so interesting when people are like, well, can you trust the model? um To me, I feel that there is so much less trust with the engineer, right. There's so many factors of like, did they look at the right metrics to make that decision, are they having a bad day? Models usually don't have a bad day.
Jen: And your models can't quit and put in their two weeks' notice.
Nilo: Yeah. Yeah. And that's another thing, right. Like, the average turnover for engineers like us is one to two years. We experience a lot of burnout, you know, we have this on call rotation where I've been doing it for years whether it's Christmas, like, weekends, if you get paged, you're the one that goes online to try to figure out the issue. A lot of times, you know, there's ways to make it work. But it's not - it's not the most optimal way to just rely on the humans.
Investor question: Can you talk a little bit about like what you think the price point will be for the product?
Nilo: So I think, with these pilots, we'll have a better idea on what metrics to take into consideration. There are so many different value propositions. The site reliability engineer is one of the most expensive engineers. We're not saying we're replacing them, but you have sort of better resource allocation when they can actually innovate for your company and not fight fires all the time -
Nilo: - which is what it felt like we did for years. And so there's that value add. There's the value add of bringing down cloud costs. And then reliability. Downtime - in just the industrial industries, Siemens came out with a report last year that it cost up to 11 trillion. And that's just - like, think of your manufacturing power companies, right. So all of those value propositions is something we're gonna have to continue to explore to understand what we can offer at the market. So what I envision it to be is two different levels based on the size of the company.
Nilo: But we want to do like a standard enterprise software fee.
Investor question: Why are they using this?
Nilo: So initially we started targeting enterprises. We realized that the barrier to entry was higher. They have less of an appetite for experimentation. They're like, who are you? You're here to build something? [laughs] But when it comes to finding the folks that will build it with us, series A seems to be the sweet spot. And this is pretty much applicable in every industry. So we have pilots with an ecommerce platform, edtech, a private data center. And it's all these cool different opportunities we're finding within different sectors and industries.
Investor question: What are you all looking for out of the investors that you bring on board?
Nilo: So like we mentioned, we're engineers. That's what we've been doing for the past ten years. And so when - we've learned a lot through this experience. I call it like a MBA boot camp. But I think what we want the most is, perspective and maybe if someone's like, hey, did you think about this? Have you considered this industry, have you reached out to this enterprise? Just some guidance on the organizational side and kind of how to quickly and rapidly capture the market as fast as we can
Investor question: How have you two divided up your own responsibilities in the company?
Jen: I have been mostly in the engineering side, as you can tell.
Jen: But -
Jen: - I'm getting more involved in the pitching as well. Also, I've been focusing a lot on getting a lot of the customers. That is one of my favorite things to do, put my engineering hat and really get into those learning and discovery conversations and figure out how best we can build a solution that addresses their needs.
Nilo: Yeah. I usually do all the pitching. But yeah, so I think for me, all of it. I try to work more on the investor side, and then we both also work on the technology as well.
Investor question: How do you solve disputes?
Jen: Well, we're twins, so.
Jen: We have really good communication.
Jen: And we have different strengths and weaknesses, so we kind of know how to play on that. So naturally, when we come across these disputes, we're pretty good at resolving them.
Nilo: We put a sister agreement together at the beginning of this, because we wanted it to not ruin our sister relationship.
Nilo: Yeah. So it's - I think I couldn't do this with anyone else, personally.
Jen: Same.
Investor question: How do you spell Thoras?
Nilo: T-h-o-r-a-s. So -
Investor question: What does it mean?
Nilo: Yeah. So Thoras means thunder -
Jen: In Scandinavian.
Nilo: Yeah. And the reason why we picked that is we're really big on branding for developer enthusiasm, right. You can build a really cool product, but if developers don't want to use it, it's out of there. So while you're selling to the executive buyer, it's important to brand for them. So because we're doing forecasting, we're using the like weather forecasting metaphor. We want to make like a very fun, playful platform that they can consistently interact with.
Investor question: What do you think your burn rate will go up to after this round?
Nilo: We are trying to figure out a way if we can kind of not pay ourselves continuously. At first, we were only raising half a million, but then we kind of got overcommitted. And so we want to raise the full million just to have the two years of runway. So, we - we estimate that like this next month it will start to be around 20k. It could go up once we get to a point where we feel like, okay, we should start paying ourselves.
Investor question: Why aren't you going to pay yourself?
Nilo: I think, to be honest, with the current fundraising environment, we want to ensure we're as lean as possible while we validate the problem.
Nilo: Yep.
Nilo: That makes sense.
Nilo: Awesome. Thank you so much.
Jen: Thank you.
Jen: Thank you.
Nilo: That's exciting. Yeah. I'm always intentionally vague with pricing.
Nilo: You know, it's like, it's so difficult. You have ideas in your head, but I think it's a discovery kind of evolving process at this point.
Nilo: Oh wow. You asked such good technical questions, I was like, he must be an SRE!
Nilo: Okay.
Nilo: Okay. We appreciate that. Appreciate your consideration.
Investor question: What?
