Virginia: Virginia.
Virginia: Virginia.
Virginia: Well, hi, I'm Virginia Frischkorn. I'm the founder and CEO of Party Trick. We are the operating system powering the experience economy. So the last 16 years of my career, I've built four different businesses in the event space, done over $100 million worth of events. And when COVID happened, events came to a screeching halt. And at that point, I had three businesses, a full staff, two very young children, I'm a single mom. And then I went through one of the most disruptive life events you can imagine. I could sit there and feel sorry for myself. Or I could look at this as an opportunity to take all the tools, the systems, the workflows that had scaled all my businesses in the past and bring them to the masses. So fast forward, fall of 2022, we launched Party Trick as a consumer facing application. It's like having a virtual party planner in your pocket. Tells you what to do, when to do it. You can host any party, anytime, anywhere. A few months into it, we had our subscribers reach out and ask us for work content. They love their parties at home. No one really likes planning a work event. Corporate spend on events is $95 billion a year. It's a $322 billion industry. And we've been talking to customers in a wide variety of segments. So we're now building this new platform that scales repeatable events. But above and beyond that, we are capturing the data and metrics to help them calculate ROI on these events. We are raising $1.3 million dollars to disrupt the events industry by powering experiences with PartyTrick.
Investor question: So question, how do you track ROI on events?
Virginia: Everyone has a different definition.
Virginia: Right, exactly. So our first segment is the beverage industry. And depending on who our decision maker is, whether it's the sales team, the marketing team, they're all tracking it differently. Honestly, some people just want to know at a trade show what the breakdown is of, is it consumer? Is it trade? Is it media? Really, everyone has a different metric. So we've got about the 10 core for the beverage industry as well as CPG, specifically apparel and beauty. And that's what we're building in this 1st uh version.
Investor question: How much revenue have you done to date and how do you charge?
Virginia: So the product in market right now is our consumer platform. It's $89 a year, $9 a month. With this evolution, the model changes a lot to B2B SaaS, and annual contract value of roughly 40,000, scaling up to roughly 100,000 based on the size of the business.
Virginia: Yeah. I'll do a brief walkthrough. So just high level education on the events industry - events have three really core components: plan, design, execute. Party Trick delivers for our corporate clients basically what we call blueprints. So a blueprint covers all those - what you're doing and when you're doing it, and it goes on to the platform end to end. So from what it's going to look like, what you either need to buy, what you need to DIY. And then the execution is this timeline. So think of it as like a content loaded project management tool. But we also have the service providers as partners. So that if you need to find a bartender, if you need to have your beverage delivered, if you're looking for a venue, we can actually plug and play with some of the quote unquote competitors in the space so you can have a one stop shop. Does that make some sense?
Virginia: Okay.
Investor question: Would you mind getting me to the full understanding of exactly what the blueprint piece of the present model is?
Virginia: Yeah, of course. So the blueprint is essentially what that plan is. It's like going to a party planner and saying, please tell me every single thing I need to know about this event. What should it look like? What am I buying? How do I build the balloon wall? What you're serving, what, like how you're actually going to design the space, what music you might play, what swag you might have, how much swag you might need. So it really covers every single thing of like, Hey, you are doing a brand activation. Let me design it for you. And then they put it on top of our project management base.
Investor question: And are you presenting a menu of options for the customer or do you have a team internally that's literally curating those things?
Virginia: We have a team that's curating them. Now question is, how is that scalable? Right. So there are roughly 50 plus event types in our first few segments. 85% of those events are the exact same. You just go in and you tweak that last 15%. We have a team, they're all contractors, and we can go and basically pay anywhere between a hundred and $300 to have a blueprint created within a day. and It's pennies of what these brands would be paying an agency. I used to work with Ferrari. I worked with a lot of the LVMH brands. They would pay us like 200 grand to do an activation So it allows them to actually replicate it. And then if the staff changes again, a lot of times when there's staff turnover in the event industry, it's a pen and paper industry. You lose everything. Now, these blueprints they have and they can iterate on them, but they know exactly what happened and it's not lost when you lose a team member.
Investor question: What about insurance and all that stuff?
Virginia: Technically the host would be the person hosting the event, not us. So we -
Virginia: Yeah, there are reminders for all those fun things. Yep.
Virginia: Imagine that Whole Foods is our client, right? You go into Whole Foods right now and you scan a QR code and you can go to their catering menu. Well, what if you could scan that QR code and it's, here's your Thanksgiving dinner, traditional, Friendsgiving, vegan, they can actually guide your shopping experience. They can tell you exactly how to have this phenomenal experience. One, it's great for them. As a consumer, it tells you exactly when to, like, put your turkey in, when to do the cream or orange relish, etc. Very smooth. You're going to go back there over and over and over again. And that's a great consumer experience for them.
Virginia: Mm hmm.
Investor question: Could you walk me through it once more? And is it just subscription?
Virginia: Yeah, great question. So we have a core annual subscription to two year subscription. We then charge a seat based fee based on how many admins they need. And then we charge per blueprint. They can buy them in packs. They can buy them individually. Blueprints can be used as many times as they want. So again, it's not just the framework. Every event is designed with a CTA. Without that CTA, you can't capture the ROI. And so we will load it for them.
Virginia: Yep, definitely. So the way we're structuring it, small, midsize, large business. So basically zero to 10 employees, because a lot of people don't actually have event staff. So zero to 10 would be the size of a company that would be small, up to $10 million in revenue. That's roughly a $15,000 a year annual fee. Blueprints range between 3000 and 6,000. Midsize businesses jumps up. It's between 25 and 35 annually. And then those are in the 5 to 8,000 per blueprint. And then larger companies would jump into that 45,000 to 65,000 annual. And then their blueprints are 8 to 10,000.
Investor question: What's the valuation and how much of that have you raised to date?
Virginia: So we are raising on a safe. It's a 9 million post cap valuation, 20 percent discount. We're at 850,000.
Virginia: Yeah.
Investor question: What validation do you have that these customers will be willing to pay those amounts of money?
Investor question: What validation do you have that these customers will be willing to pay those amounts of money?
Virginia: So, we have 20 brands in our pilot program right now. We have over 80 partners on our consumer platform that we've been talking to about this. And we actually have a $47 million pipeline for year one, And that's comprised of primarily beverage industry, apparel, as well as beauty. I've been in the industry for 16 years. They're the brands I've been working with. So I know, and I've been talking with them pretty much non stop. It's a fraction of the price they would, again, pay an agency. Average event planner in America is $76,000. So from a pricing perspective, we are way less.
Investor question: How did you come to that number? Are there LOIs? Do you know like what each customer is willing to pay specifically?
Virginia: Yeah, definitely. So again, it's just about a thousand brands that are in our pipeline that have been active, and I have been talking nonstop with them. So, long story short, we have not issued LOIs. As we transition from a consumer platform into this enterprise platform. Reputation is everything. I've been in a reputation based referral based business my entire career. If we botch our first few, it's why wouldn't we just wait one or two months? I would rather wait a little bit longer, make sure we hit the nail on the head and go out strong.
Investor question: Why do this?
Virginia: I'm almost 40, turn 40 this year. I have two young kids, single mom, right? And I've shut down a company that was one of the top 50 event planning companies in the world, Why? So what happened during COVID, my dad died - not COVID related - went to bed, didn't wake up. He was my everything. And he was an entrepreneur. He'd started the White Peter chapter where he grew up. My brother and my sister were all entrepreneurs. He used to joke, though, and he goes, you guys have such cute little lifestyle businesses. And I took great offense. But in my mind, I'm up for a challenge. Always. So I was getting bored, then this happened. My dad was the most amazing host. If everyone could host the way that he could, it could be a happier place. We would all feel a little more connected and have this community. We can help that. We can bring it to everyone.
