Julia: Hi, I'm Julia.
Julia: Nice to meet you. Julia.
Julia: Nice to meet you.
Julia: . Julia. Nice to meet you. All right. Hi everybody. Thanks for your time. My name is Julia Dixon and I am the founder of ESAI. We are the AI platform that is democratizing college admissions. So you probably won't be surprised to hear that students are paying over $90 billion a year on college tuition. But did you know American families are spending an additional $3 billion a year on college advisors? Those are people like myself. I've spent the last eight years helping students and their families navigate an increasingly chaotic time in college admissions. So if you know anyone who's applied to college recently, you know this process includes navigating everything from declining acceptance rates, to the collapse of the FAFSA this year, to the end of affirmative action, confusing test optional policies, and so much more. And college advisors can majorly reduce some of these stressors, but they can also charge upward of a hundred thousand dollars a year, making them inaccessible to most students. And while there are some great counselors at the school level, the average student to counselor ratio is nearly 400 to 1 nationally, meaning students aren't getting individualized admission support from their schools. So I set out to democratize college admissions with ESAI. It's the first of its kind ethical, gamified, and affordable AI platform for college applicants. We have a suite of AI tools that help students navigate everything from program discovery to college essay support to financial resources, helping them build out a cohesive story without ever outsourcing their writing or ideas entirely. Since launching our MVP last summer, we've already helped over 100,000 students get into their dream school, after reaching over 8 million students on TikTok. We also have a new B2B offering with over 100 high schools and districts already on our partner waitlist. So now, in order to deliver on this demand, we're seeking 1 million in funding for our pre seed round. And we are hoping that you can help us democratize college admissions and allow every student to put their best story forward with ESAI.
Investor question: Is there a demo that we could see?
Julia: Yeah. So feel free to kind of pass this around
Investor question: can tell us what you see?
Julia: Yeah, we believe students are experiencing chatbot overload and they often don't even know what to ask a chatbot. So we really tried to create chunked out tools that help them with specific parts of the process as they need them, so that we can really hold their hand through every piece of an application.
Investor question: Have you raised money for this so far?
Julia: Yeah, so all of that was when we were a team of one and completely bootstrapped. So in addition to being a college advisor, I have a background in marketing and specifically content marketing. So I was able to put that to work, reach students without any paid budget on TikTok and get our first 100,000 users of our MVP that way. We just started raising this pre seed round a couple of months ago. We're about 300k into the 1 million, with an additional 200k of soft commits. So we're looking for support to get us through the second half of the round.
Julia: It's on a SAFE with a 5 million valuation cap and 20% discount.
Investor question: Are you charging?
Julia: So we mostly tested our MVP for free in the last year. However, we have generated about 50K in revenue to date, a lot of that coming from our new enterprise contracts. We are launching our new and improved platform this Friday based on learnings from those initial users. That will really push a conversion from free to paid and we are expecting to do over 400k in revenue just in the B2C product this summer.
Julia: So we are pushing both. Most immediately, our revenue is going to come from the B2C push. We already have a big social presence. We know how to build for Gen Z and we can be a bit scrappier that way. Long term, there are a lot of benefits going direct to schools. It's bigger annual sales, combat some of the seasonality of admissions. And, as a mission based founder, I think we can reach more lower income students if we go into districts where they're not getting as much support. So we are building out a very intentional pipeline of about 200 schools in this next year, and then long term I'm gonna scale from there.
Investor question: What are you thinking about, in terms of the business model, how you might charge? What are you thinking, like a freemium model?
Julia: Yeah, this new platform is a freemium model. On Friday, all students will be able to access our story strategist tool for free. And then if they want access to the entire suite of tools in our platform, it's $49.99 a month, or 250 for the year, which is kind of very intentionally priced out so that even if students maybe only wanted to use this for three months while they're applying, the annual plan would combat some of that and hopefully keep them around longer.
Investor question: But what percentage of these users actually finished and created an essay?
Julia: Most students used us for college essay support. Our conversion to paid was already about a 2 percent and most of those users who created account at least used our free essay tools, so that helps them come up with essay topics. Basically, everything I would do as an advisor, which of course isn't outsourcing an entire essay, but is helping them frame their topic or outline or edit. So that's what the majority of students did.
Investor question: How are you thinking about, scaling top of funnel growth?
Julia: Yeah, I mean I'm excited about the fact that admissions is kind of the first time as a person maybe you have to think about your life in this big picture way. Like, what is my story and what do I want to do with it? And so we have a cool opportunity to grow with our own users over time and even partner with things like, you know, career readiness platforms to say, Okay, we've started the beginnings of this portfolio for you. We're going to match it to your dream school. Now, how are we going to help you get into programs at that school or your first internship etcetera. So I think the long term growth potential there is really exciting. But we're starting out focus with admissions.
Julia: Thank you.
Julia: I appreciate that. I will add, like, stickiness is really important to us, so we're trying to build in features, like, how do we make your portfolio live on this platform in a way that you do have to keep coming back? And, like, all of your stuff and deadlines live here, and so it's very intentional into how we're building the product. But it is one of the benefits of B2B, too, is we have built in applicants on an annual school contract. That would uh combat some of that.
Investor question: How early in the cycle of thinking about college do you acquire people? Is it juniors? Is it sophomores? Is seniors scrambling?
Julia: It's a great question. I mean, right now, most of our users are rising seniors. So people applying to college in real time. But obviously going earlier, things like program discovery are actually best done as early as freshmen or sophomore year. So if you find out what your dream school is, you can figure out what you need to do to get there. If we can get them thinking about this earlier, that's more seats at the school level that we could sell.
Investor question: How do you think about kind of the initial big market? Does this work for every person who's going to apply to college? Does it work if they're going to apply to trade schools? Does it work if they're outside the US? How do you think about that?
Julia: Yeah, I mean, if you boil it down to just people looking at traditional four-year institutions in the US alone, that's almost four million applicants in the US every year. If you add transfer students and grad school applicants, which our platform is set up for as well, that goes up to seven million students in the US alone. If you expand internationally, there's between 25 and 30 million people applying to some sort of higher ed institution every single year. So if the life
Julia: Yeah. And if the lifetime value is at about 250 right now, and that's just assuming that three month to annual subscription, then we're looking at a 75 billion dollar plus TAM. Of course, that's just B2C and that's just applicants. We do talk to a lot of nonprofits and investors who focus on social impact about alternative post secondary pathways. What if you do want to go direct to trade school, direct to workforce, things like that. In my opinion, our ethos of helping you tell your personal narrative and match that to whatever your dreams are could apply to any of those options. And so it is something that is in our product roadmap that we can add pretty easily.
Julia: That's the number one feedback we get is, I wish they had this when I was in college.
Julia: Amazing. Thank you.
Julia: Sure. I think at the bare minimum, what we always go back to students don't know what to even ask. So you'd have to be really good at prompt engineering and understand the admissions landscape to know what to ask. But even if you assume that students understand what they need to do, and they understand how to prompt AI well, ChatGPT is just not trained on real time admissions data and doesn't necessarily have an understanding of what it takes to make a great college applicant. So our AI is trained on a proprietary coaching method created by myself and our chief academic officer, who comes from admissions on the higher ed side, as well as trained on real time data. So we can get all the way down to specific classes and even professors at these schools that students can research and even mention in their applications to show demonstrated interest. So, at the end of the day, it's not a chat bot. It's more of a walk you through very specific parts of the process. And I think that's what makes us really different from some of these just specialized AI tools that feel pretty similar to ChatGPT.
Julia: On the MVP we did. Our goal now for the summer, is closer to four and it's set up in a way that we think we can do it.
Julia: On the MVP. We did our goal now for the summer, is closer to four and it's set up in a way that we think we can do it.
Julia: I'd say it's a starting place. I mean, we're -
Julia: Thank you.
Julia: I agree. I think the MVP gave us a lot of learnings on how we can get that number up and how we can go to not just the four million undergraduate applicants, but the seven million applicants in total. And we've already reached a lot of international applicants who apply to US schools. It's a really big market. A couple of our existing investors are helping us get into some international schools in Asia, for example. There's a lot of potential to grow this at just the admission side, and that's not counting how we can help evolve students into their career over time, too.
Investor question: And it could just be I'm just an idiot, right?
Julia: Yeah.
Julia: Cool. Thank you.
Julia: Very cool. So you know this world.
Julia: Yeah. I mean, I guess a note on our pricing too, right now we're at 49.99 based on the amount of tools we already have available. So as we add more, we're looking at adding more tiers of pricing as well. And that might combat some of that.
Julia: It's the balance we have to strike as well.
Julia: Okay.
Julia: I'd love to talk about it with you. Yeah.
