Sarah: Hi. Hey everybody.
Sarah: Hi. Nice to meet you, Sarah.
Sarah: Nice to meet you.
Sarah: Nice to meet you. Thank you.
Investor question: How's it going?
Sarah: Nice to meet you. Thank you for being here. I'm super excited. My name is Sarah Lucena, and when I was seven years old, I was this bubbly child that would speak with every single soul I could put my eyes on. And I remember thinking to myself, whoa, adults are frustrated. And everybody that I knew, they were either unhappy with their marriages, or, their families, or their jobs. And I remember thinking to myself, I'm gonna be a happy adult. Many years passed by, I was 22, living in Uruguay. I'm originally from Brazil, was running a huge operation. Coordinating the efforts for advertisements and marketing for over seven countries in Latin America. Huge budget, huge expectations. I was on the top of the world and I couldn't feel more empty. And I thought, oh, I become one of those adults. and at that moment I said, but why? Why? I am putting myself in that position that I promised so many years ago that I wouldn't be living in. And that's where we decided to create Mappa.
Sarah: You can open your phones and go to your emails. You should have received a Mappa email by now.
Investor question: But does it all ring through to you?
Sarah: Do you feel related to that?
Sarah: That's a great feedback though, because how does that work, right? Like we extract a bunch of different voice signals from both a linguistic and a prosodic aspect. So linguistic is first person markers, that's, uh, how many times we refer to yourself versus how many times you refer to other people
Sarah: the amount of verbs, for example, you choose to use. That's another linguistic marker that allows us to understand if you are somebody who is more action driven or someone that needs to build conviction before acting. Phonetic aspects or signals would be like the pitch, the jitter, the shimmer, the pauses, the frequency of your speech, all those things alone, they don't tell us the full story, but all those signals combined is where we get to the behavioral profile of a person.
Investor question: And when I'm asking to try to understand someone's cultural attributes, I might ask them like, you know, what's the hardest thing you worked on?
Sarah: Exactly.
Investor question: What's the best question that you feel like really gets to the heart of it?
Sarah: I think, like, it really depends on the role that you are hiring for. And each one of those roles, they have a specific questions that are designed. So if we are looking into an engineer, for example, it's usually a technical interview because we wanna see how they actually solve problems, And that's compatible on how you guys approach, problems and challenges? And that comes a lot through speech.
Investor question: Right?
Sarah: Yeah.
Investor question: Like what other markets are you gonna get into besides this?
Sarah: I love what we're bringing to the table. Essentially because we see our technology as infrastructure level technology, and what we are building is the future of connections. We launched through hiring, but we always had a much bigger view in that sense. Why hiring was our first approach because we were able to close the feedback loop. At this point, we not only have data from the candidate and the companies as they join our processes, but the interviews that they do together that, feed our models and then if they hire or not, and if they do hire, we also offer payroll solutions that allows us to understand for how long they stick together. So all that information closes the whole feedback loop that have been training our models so far.
Investor question: Can you tell me a little bit more this training your own model? Like what's the data, what are you training it for? Is it like fine tuning existing models?
Sarah: Yeah, for sure. Very high level, four layers. We have a first layer, which is the mathematical layer abstracting those signals. This is not proprietary, it's not easy to do, but it's like, it's math. So each one of those signals, like the density of verbs or the pitch of your speech, those are things that you can extract. We have that first layer in which we extract those signals. Then we have our first model that we built over every single available academic study that correlates those signals with behavioral traits and aspects. It's not like personality traits in which you are a builder, or a wizard, or a magician, it's not like that. It's literally not putting you in a box, rather understanding you for who you are and that organization for who they are to be able to build on compatibility. And after that we have a third model that fits on this data set that correlates the behavioral signals with the nuances or the densities of each one of the signals and get injected by the voice samples that we extract from our customers. And this is the one responsible to actually get to the prediction. The prediction is then confirmed or denied based on the rest of the processes. So we have a bunch of different feedback loops embedded into the process that allow us to tell our models, Hey, it worked or it didn't work. And then the fourth layer, it's the prompting one. That's not proprietary. So that's where we get the report and translate so everyone can understand what that signal meant and have their reports in their hands.
Sarah: I know that it's still a way of defining or profiling somebody.
Sarah: But the reason why we say we don't put people in boxes is because profiles are never the same. But there are a bunch of signals that allow us to understand things. So the verbs one, that I previously mentioned. The first person marker that people sometimes think, oh, if you say too many I’s, you're probably super self-centered. That's not necessarily true. people that don't say I enough, they usually are not as well committed to what they are saying as you would expect them to be. So I’s are important and talk also about your relationship with control. Just before getting here, I did the demo on myself. and it stated there that I have control issues, which is true. I'm working on those.
Sarah: I'm working on those. But it's not just because of the I’s, it's the I’s combined with other signals that get me to that point. So for example, emotional valance, it's a prosodic signal that allows us to understand how emotionally connected you are to what you are saying. We are working with some investors that use our technology for their vetting pipeline. And one of the signals they're always looking for is high emotional valence. How emotionally connected this person is to what they're building which allows them to understand if they are gonna go all the way or if they might get bored at some point.
Investor question: What happens if I drink three cups of coffee and do it?
Sarah: Of course we are all contextual human beings, right? So that's why on our processes, we never get samples from a single context.
Sarah: So if we start the process with us, for example, you guys did the demo. It's a very short moment, but now we have your email. We are gonna scrape your information, extract every single podcast you have ever been on.
Sarah: Then we are gonna do an onboarding with you as a client, we are gonna be recording that call. Then we are gonna have you interviewing folks that is also recorded. We are gonna be extracting that as well. So we get to a point in which the data is pretty stable to make sure that we are not, making snappy assumptions.
Investor question: How does the algorithm treat accents, regional accents, international accents, you know, ways that different cultures speak differently?
Sarah: Yeah, and I really appreciate that question because as an immigrant you can imagine that was one of the things we had in mind. for the linguistic, signals, the impact, it's near zero. When we are analyzing the content of the, like transcript, we are not analyzing what you are saying, but how you are saying things.
Sarah: So that's what we are trying to extract. That's not impacted, but then there are some prosodic signals that get impacted. Volume is one of them.
Sarah: So we had to train those models based on the countries we operate. If I use our US, model, I got a result that actually treats me as somebody who is not necessarily, in control.
Sarah: Or that can be overly emotional just because I'm loud. , and this is something that we actually experimented and made sure that based on the location of the person and the information that they add on their profile, we know they, where they are from and we treat the data accordingly.
Sarah: Not, not really.
Sarah: Go for it. Yes.
Investor question: Right?
Sarah: Yeah.
Sarah: Yeah.
Sarah: No, we, we extract that data.
Sarah: Right. Like we scrape it.
Sarah: Because when you join, like let's say you are gonna apply for a job. The first thing I'm gonna ask on your process, it's your LinkedIn profile. So I'm scraping everything there and I can locate where you are from.
Investor question: What is your kinda, I'm about to say key KPIs, but anyway, what are your KPIs and how are they growing? Like what's the revenue?
Sarah: Yeah. Um, so we just surpassed $3.5 million in annualized revenue.
Sarah: We did that completely organically. We haven't invested a single dollar in client or talent acquisition so far. We started our company around two and a half years ago. we closed our first year at, uh, $13,000 in annual revenue. The second year it was already half a mil. Last year we did 1.5 and we are on track and aiming, and the reason why I'm here is that we wanna accelerate that to get to 5 million at the end of this year.
Investor question: Who is paying and when are they paying?
Sarah: Our clients are always the companies. We are a B2B company. We are a success based company as well. So that means that they only pay if they convert, which obliges us to be pretty good at our jobs. So talking about KPIs, nowadays we have a 92% conversion rate from interview to hire. This is something that we have helped companies to reduce from around three months to under a week. And at this point, every single client that makes the first hire makes the second one, at least in the last quarter. If we look historically, that rate is 78%. And we are extremely excited to just have launched our SaaS business model with the API. It's pure software, it's pure SaaS. It's been scaling quite fast. We haven't started with our go-to market strategy yet, so it's been more opportunistic sales with investors and universities that we were connected through our network. And they pay around $12 per report.
Investor question: How many customers do you have?
Sarah: 135 active customers.
Sarah: Enterprise level, they are quarterly contracts. We have been working with Enterprise since September last year. And we have had zero churn so far. Their contracts have been doubling size quarter over quarter. For startups and SMBs we have had 1.9% churn for the whole 2024.
Investor question: What was your raise for your seed round? How much did you raise?
Sarah: We raised $3.4 million. It was my first institutional round. We did have a friends and family smaller round. And we see that there is an opportunity to increment that raise to push forward on this API play sooner than later.
Investor question: And what was the valuation?
Sarah: We raised a 15 million post money valuation.
Sarah: Yes.
Sarah: One, five.
Investor question: When did you raise the seed round?
Sarah: We just closed two months ago.
Investor question: And how much are you looking to raise now?
Sarah: Now we are raising 1.6 million to complete $5 million. We see that we are gonna be in an extremely strong place to raise a series A pretty soon. At this point we are creating an extension, of course, at a different valuation. We've been growing quite a lot in the past few months. From the beginning of the year up until now, we've already added more than a million dollars in annualized revenue. and we expect to continue on that path as we have a pretty strong pipeline, not only with SMBs and startups, but also enterprise level deals.
Investor question: And do any of the insiders want to participate in this?
Sarah: Uh, on this extension?
Sarah: We are not even inviting them at this point, just because we see that this is the last round in which we wanna bring folks in, in the sense of like having multiple investors that can help with our growth. So we are actually optimizing for diversity in terms of our cap table. It's our first institutional round and we know our next one is gonna be a much bigger round and we wanna concentrate that in one or two, maximal three investors. So that's for us the last chance of actually having people that we believe on and that believe on us, participating on the team.
Investor question: What's your current runway?
Sarah: We are cashflow positive.
Investor question: What are your margins?
Sarah: As we are success basis, sometimes it fluctuates, but we are 82% on our hiring product and when it comes to SaaS, we are over 94%.
Investor question: And when you say success based, how much do you charge per success?
Sarah: We charge around 25% over the monthly salary of the candidates that are hired through us.
Sarah: For as long as they are working together.
Sarah: On a more aspirational lens, I'm really looking to work with folks that are not afraid to reimagine what connections can look like and what human potential can look like. I'm deeply, truly attached to the idea that I can fulfill my purpose and I have the responsibility of fulfilling it, and I can only get there if I am connected with the folks that will push me forward. That's the reason behind Mappa, and that's the reason why I select the investors that join our team. But on a more pragmatical lens, we are doubling down on business development and we've been pretty intentional about, you know, leveraging our investors network. I'm an immigrant. I had to build my network from the ground up. and being in a room with folks that can open those doors makes a huge difference. So that's the kind of things that we are looking as we hit this next stage of growth.
Sarah: Yeah.
Sarah: I love that. And I'm a client of yours.
Investor question: You're saying recruiting is the one category?
Sarah: I'll say just one thing for you to take into consideration when you are evaluating companies that are in this ecosystem in the future, if you allow me to.
Sarah: One thing that we've been super curious about is like answering a very short question, like, is this company operationalizing the process or focusing on the problem?
Sarah: I think every solution out there is trying to operationalize a broken process. Like how you can make interviews faster or how you can make hires cheaper but the real problem is will this person stick around? That's the problem.
Sarah: Right. Like, because you'll see people spend a lot of time and resources and it's still a gamble. It's still a, let's see how it goes.
Sarah: And I think that's what is the problem with recruitment today. Nobody's actually paying attention. Well, nobody but Mappa is actually paying attention to what the problem really is.
Sarah: The other thing is just like optimizing a process.
Sarah: I completely respect that.
Sarah: Yeah.
Investor question: How long are these messages?
Investor question: Um, it varies, right?
Sarah: Mm-hmm.
Sarah: Yeah.
